Atheists opposed to free Bibles from the Gideons.  lol
The Left and those who think like them must censor, we can't have people making up their own minds now can we.
Why should the troops only be given ONE religious book?  Why not force them to carry them all if we're going to force them to carry one of them?
The function of troops is to kill.  They shouldn't be given ANY holy books as they all say not to kill.  The last thing you need is a soldier pointing a gun at an enemy when the thought pops up in his head: "Am I going to go to hell for what I'm about to do?"
Censoring doesn't mean "not supplying a thing to be read or seen," it means "prohibiting a thing being read or seen."  See the difference?
"It is the Bible that has attained a place of privilege in the Air Force, not some other holy book"

That's because the majority of the soldiers are Christian and wouldn't be reading another holy book.  Just like if it were Israel they'd have a Tanakh (basically the Old Testament of the Bible) and if it were Iran they'd have a Qu'ran, and if an army had the majority of its soldiers as athiests it would have nothing because they'd complain.

That said, I don't think the US Government should be purchasing any religious texts.  Except, they aren't, the Bibles are provided for free by the Gideons.
They can bring their own religious books with them.
Exactly.
Eesh, sounds kinda like religious extremist training to me! har har
Cool, the Gideons can provide them directly to the troops that want them.
Cool, the Gideons can provide them directly to the troops that want them.
Where are the troops going to get rolling paper now?
How is having a bible in an accessible place a special privilege.  Is it like the cigaretts and chocolate bars in the Mess Kits or MRE's, is it equally offensice for soldiers to have access to playboy, or hustler.  Then burn everything and make sure that all soldiers everywhere are deprived of all offensive reading material.  When will it all stop.  if you are offended by my reading the BIBLE TOUGH.  I find your lack of belief in a CREATOR Equally offensive.  If MAFF is offended DON'T BLAME ME FOR THEIR FEELINGS.  I DID NOT MAKE THE RULES I SIMPLY FOLLOW ORDERS
Religious people are such self-entitled cry-babies, it beggars belief.
Nowhere in this article do they mention being offended by people reading the Bible, or preventing people from reading the Bible. The article is about using government funds to purchase Bibles and the requirement to distribute them to every soldier's room. Surely you can see the difference?
Ever hear of the separation of church and state?
You're a fucking idiot.

Still.
First you NEED a mind you brainless Neanderthal.
Yeah.. just like the war on Christmas.
Iran and Israel are religious states; their respective constitutions declare their adherence to a specific religious faith. The first amendment to the U.S. constitution, in contrast, specifically prohibits the establishment of a national religion. It stands to reason that requiring a specific religious text to be distributed to soldiers by the U.S. government violates this clause, regardless of who pays for it.
Yeah, if anything, soldiers should be given Satanic texts to read at bedtime!
The first amendment to the U.S. constitution specifically prohibits the establishment of a national religion. It stands to reason that requiring a specific religious text to be distributed to soldiers by the U.S. government violates this clause, regardless of who pays for it.
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
Willie...
F
Still...
You're misapplying that here.
Kudos to you. 
A lot of people on Digg posting anti-Christian garbage. They can't stand Christians or anything about them. So much so that they're blind to their own bias and hate.
Why do you hate the Constitution?  Why do you hate freedom?
No.  No he doesn't.
I didn't see where this is an issue of carrying them.  I'd have no problem with other texts available for reading.
That's what is happening.
I understood it to mean that the Gideons are providing the Bibles.
I assume "lodging facilities" means guest quarters for visitors -- not soldiers in the barracks.
I've long wondered how armies justify having chaplains. And how chaplains justify praying for victory over the other side, . . . whose chaplains are likewise praying for victory over them.

"My god can beat the crap outta your god!"
Bible-thumpers "making up their own minds"? Really? REALLY???
Where they giving these privilege to other religions?
If not then the air force did the right thing by eliminating unfair favoritism towards one religious view
The religious right has a very black and white view of religious policy in the military.
If they don't get what they want which includes religious favoritism, then they pull out the persecution complex script from storage and start attacking people
Lodging facilities as in soldiers facilities and transient military barracks
Too heavy:

Old Testament (Tanakh) 	Judaism; Christianity (different compilations for Jews, Catholics, Orthodox, and Protestants)
Talmud 	Judaism
Midrash 	Judaism
New Testament 	Christianity
Qur'an 	Islam
Sunnah (from hadith) 	Islam: Sunni
Nahjul Balagha 	Islam: Shiite
Avesta 	Zoroastrianism
Vedas 	Hinduism
Upanishads 	Hinduism
Bhagavad Gita (in the Mahabharata) 	Hinduism
various Puranas (Vishnu Purana, Shiva Purana, Skanda Purana, Linga Purana, Garuda Purana, Matsya Purana, etc.) 	Hinduism: newer movements, Vaishnavite, Shaivite
Tantras (including Kularnava Tantra) 	Hinduism
sutras, and their commentaries 	Hinduism
Vachanas 	Lingayats (Virashaiva)
Adi Granth 	Sikhism
Purvas (12 angas including Acarangasutra and Sutrakritanga, 34 angabahya including Uttaradhyayana Sutra and Kalpa Sutra. Also: Upasakdasanga Sutra, Dashavaikalika Sutra, and Nandi Sutra) 	Jainism: Shvetambara
Purvas (small number; reject most Shvetambara Purvas) 	Jainism: Digambara
large number of scholastic expositions (anuyoga): Samayasara, Niyamasara, Pravacanasara, and Pancastikaya; Anupreksa; Samadhishataka of Pujyapada; Tattvarthasutra of Umasvati 	Jainism: Digambara
Tattvarthasutra 	Jainism (minor differences between Digambara and Shvetambara versions)
Other separate books of Jain Canon: Sanmatitarka, Gomattasara, Jayadhavala, Adipurana, Dvatrimshika, Aptamimamsa, Mulacara, Ratnakarandasravakacara, Sagaradharmamrita 	Jainism
Pali Tripitaka 	Buddhism
Jataka stories (semi-cannonical) 	Buddhism: Theravada
Visuddimagga or Path of Purification (semi-cannonical) 	Buddhism: Theravada
Questions of King Milinda (semi-cannonical) 	Buddhism: Theravada
Chinese Tripitaka 	Buddhism: Mahayana
Tibetan Tripitaka 	Buddhism: Mahayana
Lotus Sutra (Saddharma-Pundarika) 	Buddhism: Mahayana
Sukhavativyuha Sutras 	Buddhism: Mahayana: Pure Land
Meditation on Buddha Amitayus (Amitayur Dhyana Sutra) 	Buddhism: Mahayana: Pure Land
Garland Sutra (Avatamsaka Sutra) 	Buddhism: Mahayana: Kegon/Hua-yen
Perfection of Wisdom in Eight Thousand Lines (Astasahasrika Prajnaparamita Sutra) 	Buddhism: Mahayana
Sutra of Hui Neng (Platform Sutra) 	Buddhism: Mahayana: Zen
Lankavatara Sutra 	Buddhism: Mahayana: Zen
Mahaparinirvana Sutra; Surangama Sutra Buddha; Golden Light Sutra (Suvarnaprabhasottama) 	Buddhism: Mahayana
writings of Nagarjuna, Shantideva, Aryadeva, Vasubandhu, Dharmakirti, Gyalwa Longchenpa, Sakya Pandita, Milarepa, and Lama Tsongkhapa 	Buddhism: Tibetan
Mulamadhyamaka Karika and Precious Garland 	Buddhism: Tibetan
Guide to the Bodhisattva's Way of Life (Bodhisattvacharyavatara) 	Buddhism: Tibetan
Hevajra Tantra; Kalacakra Tantra; Guhyasamaja Tantra 	Buddhism: Tibetan
Tibetan Book of the Dead (Bardo Thodol) 	Buddhism: Tibetan
Five Classics: Book of Songs; Book of History; Spring and Autumn Annals; Book of Ritual; I Ching (Book of Changes) 	Confucianism (I-Ching is also cannonical for Taoism)
Four Books: Analects; the Great Learning; the Doctrine of the Mean; the Mencius 	Confucianism
Tao Te Ching 	Taoism
Chuang-tzu 	Taoism
Treatise on Response and Retribution (T'ai-Shang Kan-Ying P'ien) 	Taoism: popular religious Taoism
Tract of the Quiet Way (Yin Chih Wen) 	Taoism: popular religious Taoism
Kojiki 	Shinto
Nihon Shoki 	Shinto
K-oki 	Tenrikyo
Ofudesaki 	Tenrikyo
Mikagura-uta 	Tenrikyo
Michi-no-Shiori 	Omoto
Johrei 	Sekai Kyusei Kyo
Goseigen 	Mahikari
Nectarean Shower of Holy Doctrines 	Seicho-no-Ie
Song of the Angel 	Seicho-no-Ie
Holy Sutra for Spiritual Healing 	Seicho-no-Ie
Divine Teachings of Kyososama 	Shinreikyo
Chun Boo Kyung 	ancient Korean
Gleanings from the Writings of Baha'u'llah 	Bahai Faith
Book of Certitude (Kitab-i-Iqan) 	Bahai Faith
Hidden Words of Baha'u'llah 	Bahai Faith
Epistle to the Son of the Wolf 	Bahai Faith
Book of Mormon 	Christianity: Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Doctrine and Covenants 	Christianity: Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Pearl of Great Price 	Christianity: Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures 	Christianity: Christian Science
Dianetics 	Scientology
Yes, but by enforcing the removal of religious literature, are you not favouring a certain group also? While not a religion as such, your country is moving toward government favouring of athiest belief (athiests have certain beliefs ie there is no God/gods).

The only logical and sane solution is to favour the majority group (or groups). As they do in other Christian or Muslim countires.
interesting arguement.
however...
No one is saying they can't bring their own bible with them onto the base.   I would be more inclined to agree if the Air Force was not allowing them period;  however, that is not what they are doing.
Also  Religious Bias in another country is no justification for us doing it here.  To wrongs don't make a right. 
This country should set a better example and be neutral in matters of religion in the military.  If third parties want to front the money for bibles, Torahs, ect then let them.  Not on the tax payers dollar though.

Another thought. The Equal Protection Clause in the Constitution could (in theory) be used to stop such favoritism.
Removing the books does not change the attitudes, it just projects an outward appearance of neutrality. 

"To wrongs don't make a right. "
Well, it is a matter of opinion about what is more right: "being true to the majority" or "giving an appearance of fake nuetrality".

You country is one of the most religious in the world (about 75% Christian?). I just find your govenments stance as odd. Guess they are "just trying to do the right thing"?
I don't know many chaplains...but those I know don't pray for victory, and as I understand it their function is completely unrelated to "us vs. them"--again, at least the ones I know.  They serve a therapeutic function for the soldiers who come to them, and pray for health, mental and physical.
That's only very recently the case, for (I assume) politically correct public relations reasons. Chaplains have a long, long tradition of preaching against the infidel, or the Protestants, or the Catholics, or whoever is on the other side. In World War I, French chaplains led anti-German prayers among the troops and German chaplains did the same against the French. Our regimental chaplain in the '60s preached loudly and constantly against the Communists. And I've seen reports of present-day U.S. Navy chaplains leading prayers against Islam.

Traditionally, therapy has nothing to do with it.
"And I've seen reports of present-day U.S. Navy chaplains leading prayers against Islam." 

That is very disturbing.
