Good for the bottom of a bird cage or for wrapping up a dead fish ?
Good for starting fires too!
Good for starting fires too!
Funny, digmahu :) 
I personally still enjoy reading newspapers and magazines in paper format, mainly, because I like to highlight when I read, which is not possible when I am reading content on a website.
But most people do prefer just the online content, and honestly it is much better for the environment.
One of he earliest and probably the greatest information media is newspaper its demand has gone down because of increase in electronic media specially increase in private media channels but newspapers like Washington post, Guardian, Huffingtin post still have reputation of giant media groups
this question have been in the book for the past 100 years
One could ask the same question of gigaom, since they have NEVER tuned a profit.
In this day and age? To kill trees.
Wiping my ass when there is no tissue
You, sir, are an idiot
What's the purpose of a newspaper ~ even in these times of internet blogging, where everyone can have an opinion on just about everything, despite perhaps not having knowledge enough on the subjects they're giving opinions on ... it is as it has been for centuries, since the advent of the printing press ~ to keep the general populace informed as to that which affects their lives in a significant way, especially on issues that they would otherwise have overlooked; to investigate and publicize matters that the authorities have either failed to make public or have attempted to cover up, and to perform followup investigations ...
-
Now for my personal opinion on the matter ... a free press is essential for any democratic society ~ that newspapers are under threat of bankruptcy is a dire situation which needs to be rectified ... the easiest way to resolve this would be to unconditionally subsidize newspapers ~ unconditionally, meaning no strings attached, no government oversight or regulation, so as to maintain a free press.  It would be tax money well spent.
Spot on
Their purpose is to spread the propaganda to people who don't watch TV news.
