I doubt Romney would have ordered cooked dog from the menu either, Obama?
Deflecting eh? Nice that you completely ignore what the article is about and throw in an inept put down that makes you look a total prick. Mission accomplished Sir, Mission accomplished...
Going into Pakistan to kill this bastard was the ballsiest order I think I ever heard a president ever made in all the history I ever read. A failure of it could have crushed President Obama and republicans would have fought long and hard to have him impeached. Yet it did succeed, seal team 6 did there job virtually flawlessly with only one issue, the crashed stealth hawk. What I think is important to remember is Obama said he would litteraly give this very order years ago when he was presidential canidate Obama. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFK0uqhe598&feature=youtube_gdata_player
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uw2XTC1V4fk&feature=youtube_gdata_player

The Americans and even foreigners inside the World Trade centers and aircraft that hit them, deserved this mission. Romney and company did not care. Obama did what none of them, even Bush would do. If talk softly, and carry a big stick was ever true, it was with this administration.
Picking and choosing a statement apart for a quote to put someone in a bad light is what unethical reporters and websites do. Also political campaign managers as well. Great company to be in I guess if you don't mind sacrificing the truth to get there.
This is such a joke that I can't believe even the little bitch Obama was dumb enough to attempt to use it.

If Obama (or Gore) was president in 2001, Osama would still be living in the lap of luxury in palaces in Afghanistan.
So it's a bad thing that Romney isn't a murderer?
And you're basing that on fucking what? Nothing? Total bullshit that flies in the face of every fact out there? Great, well that's settled then. It's good to know you can come to such a grand conclusion based on the square root of fuck-all.

Quick question hotshot, which President ordered a bullet in that assholes head after he pledged to do so as a candidate, and which one said he was wanted "dead or alive" and then let him escape into Pakistan and said he wasn't worried about him?

Fucking dumbass...
mitt would have lowered taxes for his buds and then would not be able to afford the cost of bullets to kill osama .
"Going into Pakistan to kill this bastard was the ballsiest order I think I ever heard a president ever made in all the history I ever read."

Really?  You don't think authorizing D-Day or Carter's decision to try and rescue the hostages in Iran equals, if not surpasses, this decision?  I agree that it was a "gutsy call", but lets not get carried away here.

And if the mission failed, there would be no grounds for impeachment... it wouldn't have been a crime.
Given the news that Bin Laden had been located, Romney would act for the same reason Obama did.  NOT going after Bin Laden would end their chances for re election.
Blah dee blah dee blah.
PS...Herp dee derp!
I agree.  When I watched the 9/11 attack unfold, one of the things I thought was
"Good thing Gore's not president"

Look, Clinton not only refused to take Bin Laden when he was offered twice, Clinton ignored repeated attacks by Bin Laden during the 90s.  There was every reason to think that Gore would do the same thing.  Or just go through the motions.
Based on the fact that his butt buddy Bill Clinton declined to take Bin Laden prisoner twice.  And virtually ignored repeated attacks by Al Qaida during the 90s.

Also, it was Clinton/Gore Justice Dept that set the rules making it impossible for the CIA to speak with the FBI.  Making it easier for the 9/11 monsters to be missed during the late 90s when they were setting up the atrocity.
Romney will flip flop on this someday.
Which also shows his complete ignorance, Bin Laden was a legend to the terrorists that could not be caught and represented a huge (possibly the greatest) American failure...now, not so much.
Completely incorrect as usual...while Clinton was trying to get rid of Al Qaida in Afghanistan the Republican's were saying it was no more than a distraction from his affair...there's the real priority of Republican's showing up time and time again, focus on the little irrelevant things that might win them an election instead of helping protect the country for the good of the people....but thanks for reminding us...and once Bush won the election, he completely backed away from the threat until 9/11 hit... in other words his administration completely ignore the warnings.
I seriously seriously doubt that any sitting President would have passed up the chance to get Bin Laden.  This is just a thinly veiled attempt by the media and the White House to get a dig in against Romney.  Nice try.
I seriously seriously doubt that any sitting President would have passed up the chance to get Bin Laden.  This is just a thinly veiled attempt by the media and the White House to get a dig in against Romney.  Nice try.
But you didn't, so go create some drama somewhere else other than here!
"A failure of it could have crushed President Obama..."

That's absolutely ridiculous. He'd have just blamed the failure on the troops and/or President Bush, like he always does. Politically he had not choice but to order it, and there was no political downside to doing so whatsoever, and a whole lot of upside.
Wait...you're saying that Bill Clinton recognized the extreme danger and he did nothing because....Republicans didn't support him?

"the Republicans were saying..."   Awww.  Poor baby.  

All he had to do is give a few orders.  The fact is, he just didn't want that kind of problem while he was in office.  He kicked it down the road and everyone but you knows it.
Wow! Obama allowedt the military to kill bin Laden. What a great president!
Would Senator Barack Obama have ordered the raid?  Not a chance.
It would be foolish for a serious candidate for the POTUS to reveal his plan to the world. Romney's response did not rule out killing Bin Laden and was vague enough to keep his options open.
He would have outsourced the bullet workers to China and bought them at a substantial discount.
In seriousness, I do give President Obama credit for executing Bin Laden and for  not choosing to capture him alive.  That would have been a huge political mess.
it didnt hurt bush's second run for president, even after saying things like he's "not concerned with him" just a mere 6 months after 9/11
are you referring to that time when he was 9 years old and in a foreign country and was served food that happened to be dog?

because that's so relevant to anything any of the adults here are discussing and makes you look like the partisan hack idiot that you actually are.
are you still upset that that nice skinny man bin Laden was "murdered"?

it's sad when your heroes die, isnt it?
bush passed it up a couple of times, actually.
"Muslim Brotherhood"  so basically threatening a non violent  group in Egypt which helped overthrow a violent dictator is a good idea?  Well this is the right we are talking about after all.
It didn't hurt Bush because we all knew Bush was continuing to  look for Bin Laden.
And we all agreed that killing one man would not end the worldwide jihad threat.

And everyone knows it was Bush's policies and procedures that found Bin Laden.
It just took a couple of extra years.  That's why Barry didn't get that much of a bounce for it.  

Be honest.  If Obama is re-elected it's because more people feel he'll confiscate money from their better-off neighbors and give it to them.   That's a powerful platform.  It very well may prevail.
"be honest" you do realize you are dealing with the Left?
It will be sad for you when your hero isn't re-elected.
Yeah totally comparable. Romney would have let the man who killed thousands of Americans run free, Obama once ate a dinner that was kinda weird. 

We all know which is worse to a Con mind, and that explains a lot.
how do you know that?  You can read the alternate future?  FAIL on that tangent, as Obama would say, "That dog won't hunt."
LOL, it will be!
Says the same thing. Mitt would not concentrate on catching Bin Laden. If he things that his capture was not important to the American people, a huge blow to al-Qaeda, he was wrong. Obama made the right call. Mittens would not have.
I dont know, do we have a quote from him that said he would not? We have this one from Mitt, so it can be cited. Without one from Obama, you are just making shit up.
You comment makes even less sense than usual. Please try again.
Of course.   Every once in a while I find a lefty who is notices something that's diametrically opposed to what they've been told.

It's rare, I know.  But one must make the effort.
Totally diffrent mission. I think Carter's plan had many holes and was doomed to fail. From the very beginning of operation eagle claw they had problems that should have resulted in a abort. Instead the powers that be continued to press on right into worse failure. It was a stupid call after two helicopters had to abort, yet pressed through until people died at the rendezvous refueling point. Not just ballsy it was, it was poorly executed and the result of public pressure that got people killed. And d-day was necessity of American offensive in world war 2. It involved thousands of men air, land, and sea to conduct a massive operation. Entering pakistan was a covert operation, d-day was absolutely not in its entirety. Some covert activity occurred prior to the main invasion force but it was not on the soil of a ally uniformed of a operation, it was on the soil of an occupied ally specifically setup to repell an invasion force. I am not diminishing that historic event one bit bit clearly we are talking specifically covert operations here if that is not apparent. 

And it is at the discretion of the house of the house of representatives to decide what constitutes an impeachable offense. Seal team 6 answers only to the secretary of the navy, secretary of defense, and POTUS. They have their own separate budget from the navy and military. Mission authorizations are given only from the top. Their failure and capture would have been a political nightmare for Obama. Their is no disavow when a force of forty+ men are sent into a sovereign country to kill multiple people and get caught doing it. Yet you would have me believe a republican led congress that has conspired to hinder anything Obama does, openly disrespect him in the chamber of congress, vilify his decisions as he attempts to work with them would not try to look for an excuse to impeach him? Clinton was impeached for getting his freak on with an intern. Bullshit the house of representatives would not impeach him. The success of the mission gives no legitimacy in the public sphere to tolerate the house of rep. attempt to impeach Obama. He made a gutsy call and it paid off big. I hope he sings about it every chance he gets. He and JSOC operatives deserves the credit. And that is my opinion that President Obama made the ballsiest order to enter a nuclear capable sovereign nation, that has already stated such an attack was an act of war, or did you not see the second YouTube video I posted on my original comment? Weather you know it or not, what seal team 6 did was illegal under international law. But who cares it worked!
The orders were to capture, kill if necessary. Translation, kill the fucker.
Romney=Doom
Bin Laden wasn't murdered. The whole world (excluding the US) knows he died of kidney failure December 2001. Hey, but don't let that stop you from slurping the Obama kool-aid.
That's because Bush knew at that time that he was already dead.
Yes, President Obama would've blamed a botched raid on captured, injured or deceased soldiers. That's exactly what would have happened. 

Your stupidity is astonishing.
In case you haven't noticed, he ALWAYS blames shit that goes wrong on others. Taking responsibility just doesn't seem to be possible for the Narcissist In Chief.

Your blind devotion is what's astonishing.
What??? Seriously? Oh god did you crawl out of your bunker long enough toy post this? And you finished it off with Kool-aid, class touch, any other zingers? What about calling everyone sheeple?
LOL
Maybe in your mind the quote works but not in the world of reality.
No you fucking moron, you said he would blame the troops. So in a hypothetical situation where the raid went badly wrong and resulted in either Bin Laden not being there or escaping, Obama would have pinned it all on the troops? Don't be so stupid. 

Some hope of that though, if Obama cured cancer you'd find a downside. It must be fun that politics occupies the same part if your brain that hasn't evolved since you were rubbing shit in your face in he playground. Sadly to most other people it isn't a game and directly affects every part of their lives. But hey, you seem convinced right? In your little bubble. 
You do know the Republicans don't give a fuck about you right?
Cure cancer? His presidency is a fucking cancer upon the nation. And if you had an ounce of grey matter or integrity in the vacuous orb attached to your neck you'd realize that.
A failure wouldn't have crushed Obama.  

He would have simply made a statement about every mission involving risks and moved on.
According to the first comment Tom... Diggers are already on to your bullshit.
Cite?
So you believe that our President does what he says that he is going to do.   Usually he does what he says that he does not want to do.
You might want to take a gander at this, too, you brown-nosing lemming:

From the WSJ:

"Consider the events surrounding the operation. A recently disclosed memorandum from then-CIA Director Leon Panetta shows that the president's celebrated derring-do in authorizing the operation included a responsibility-escape clause: "The timing, operational decision making and control are in Admiral McRaven's hands. The approval is provided on the risk profile presented to the President. Any additional risks are to be brought back to the President for his consideration. The direction is to go in and get bin Laden and if he is not there, to get out."

Which is to say, if the mission went wrong, the fault would be Adm. McRaven's, not the president's."

http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702303916904577374552546308474.html?mod=googlenews_wsj
And the WSJ article is an opinion piece trying desperately to downplay the decision Obama made in going into Pakistan. This entire quote of yours neglected to include the fact that operational tactics are obviously in the Admiral's command, but going into a foreign country to attack under a covert operation is the gutsy move -- not the actual attack. An Admiral cannot decide to attack in a foreign country on his own volition. Obama can not possibly blame anyone else.
"going into a foreign country to attack under a covert operation is the gutsy move"

Really? So if the president was given credible information that Bin Laden was located, what do you think his other options were... to to nothing? A drone attack wasn't even a consideration, as Bin Laden's compound was right next to a Pakistani military compound.

Btw, the WSJ article you dismiss as "just an opinion piece" was penned by former Attorney General of the United States Michael Mukasey. He's hardly a staff writer.
crickets
Yes, as Bush had ignored it. According to several accounts, all Obama had to rely on was a phone call made to Osama two years prior, and they followed that courier who made that phone call to a compound several months later.

Did Obama know if bin Laden was still there several months after following the courier? No. Did he even know with absolute certainty if it was bin Laden that was in the compound? No. But he still sent troops into a foreign country under a covert attack. That took extreme guts.
