I checked it out and... meh.
Were you a fan of the first two? Likely it just isn't your genre.
I really don't see the big deal. Graphics that would have been good 5 years ago, no way to change the camera angle, and spam clicking the ground to move. I'm sure the story is good, but the game play is a steaming pile of crap.  If you enjoy this game, then that's great. I just don't see the big deal here.  This is just typical blizzard. Over hyped outdated crap.
I played the first one but when 2 was suppose to come out and the kept postponing the release. This went on for some time I lost all faith in Blizzard at that point atleast till WOW was released but was soon reminded of how much of a waste Blizzard is. 15 bucks a month they use to have the biggest following of any MMO to this day they are still rapeing people out of their 15 bucks. Blizzard to me is no longer one of the big dogs in the video game world they are in the same league as EA and any other company that is willing to milk every last dime out of there customer base.
exactly voted your comment up theres a blizzard fanboy floating around somewhere
If anything Diablo set the standard for repetative dungeon crawlers that was all I could think of when I was playing dungeon siege 3 was that it tried to be like diablo. I guess Blizzards creative team sucks if all they can come up with is starcraft diablo warcraft and the world of warcraft. Its all they know and they suck at it
I had issues with the beta. 

Firstly, an active connection to the Internet was needed in order to play it. Even the solo campaign. I really hope that this isn't going to be the same for the full game.

Secondly, I experienced extreme slowness to the point of it not being playable. I had thought that it might be my laptop but some of things I was experiencing were things I've experienced only with MMOs when there is a bad connection to the server. For example, trying to move forward to open a door and then, instead of reaching the door, the character jumping back to the last point you were standing still.

Thirdly, and this goes with #1, being kicked out of the game because the connection to the server was lost...during the solo campaign!

I love Diablo and Diablo 2. I really want to love Diablo 3. I just hope they get these issues resolved. Those issues aside, I finished the solo campaign on the beta and really liked it.
All this beta testing did to me, was make me want to play the full game so much more.
I can't believe it's almost time. I know you're all excited, don't deny it.
never played diablo 1 and 2 but i played beta anyway, i gotta say its pretty good
Huge fan of the 2nd diablo..and I can't say enough how underwhelmed I was with this beta after waiting for a decade for ANYTHING from the Diablo universe. I also played Tera Online open beta that weekend and thoroughly enjoyed it.
I think what the fun will be is finding stuff . The drops and enemies are supposed to be random but I agree that the graphics were not impressive plus not being able to change the camera angle sucks . But in d2 a lot of people made money off of finding and selling drops , that is what d 3 will focus on . Until the numerous patches of course .
Millions of people and a $4 billion net worth would dissagree with you.... You don't have to like it but to say it sucks, along with the people that created it just makes you look like an idiot.
You realize that consumers have the power to choose right?
The connection will be required for solo in the real game.  It's online only this time.

I also experienced more lag than was expected.  I should have been able to play on Medium settings per my hardware, but it was laggy at the lowest settings and all unnecessary processes shut down.  Played it on my friends laptop too, but his worked great.  The difference between our laptops is he has an nVidia card and I have ATI.  Same age, same processor, etc.

You should have expected to lose connection several times in a beta.  It is a beta after all.
Fan of the first two underwhelmed by diablo 3 way too many monsters that explode into another monster for my liking. It's as if though their idea of difficulty is just to keep throwing more....Very little diversity.
How thoroughly? Is it actually worth paying for it each month?
Oh yeah. And the fact that I have to be online in order to play a single player game is a major turn off for me. I could get used to the graphics, and the camera stuff. But an online only single player game? Blizzard can eat shit.
They're everywhere. They take it so personally when you say anything negative about this overrated company and its games.
