Absolutely.  I'm on your side in this and hope the murderer Zimmerman goes to prison for a long time...

But breaking a bunch of shit dose nothing but hurt the cause.  The point is to fix the problem so this doesn't happen in the future, not 'get revenge on random, uninvolved people.'
Agreed.  It only gives more cause and justification to those who practice and preach racism to continue with their views as if there is nothing wrong with it
We found one of the idiot the article is about!
Sadly this law was one of the worst written laws that I can think of.

At first I just thought the law was misapplied, then I realized that it was applied exactly as written and instead of offering just defense in a self-defense case, allows for one to escalate the violence (ie confront Trayvon in a threatening manner) and then claim self defense even though had Zimmerman not confronted in the manner he did self-defense would have never been necessary).

So now I hope they adjust the law and offer proper protection to those who conduct legitimate self defense and not offer safe haven to those who seek to abuse the novel concept of self defense to cloud their attempt to merely kill someone who appears threatening from a distance based on nothing more than their skin color and baser suspicions.
Except according to Zimmerman that isn't what happened, he said:

"Zimmerman told them he lost sight of Trayvon and was walking back to his SUV when Trayvon approached him from the left rear, and they exchanged words."

http://articles.orlandosentinel.com/2012-03-26/news/os-trayvon-martin-zimmerman-account-20120326_1_miami-schools-punch-unarmed-black-teenager

So, based on his account it was Trayvon who confronted him, which totally changes your interpretation of the law, so I guess we'll just have to wait for a jury to sort this out.
True or false (I'll let the courts decide), but that doesn't change the fact that the law is totally fucked up in Florida.
TWO wrongs don't make it right. Trayvon was wrong to..With that said ,Some jail time ok ,not life. Or the same could happen to this young man. http://www.foxnews.com/us/2012/04/26/suspect-attacked-white-teen-because-am-angry-about-trayvon/#ixzz1t7RoG81j?cmpid=NL_morningHL
Zimmerman should get jail time even if Martin snuck up on him, jumped him and was banging his brains out on the curb?  Really.
there is a place called Liberia, if you don't like it here move there.
If anything, this shows the half baked mentality of trayvon supporters, the people who don't want to accept that zimmerman may have actually been defending himself.  all the credible evidence points to this conclusion -- but because trayvon was black, he's somehow the victim.  there's this racial mentality in the US that blacks are always the victims when that couldn't be further from the truth.  blacks commit more crime -- their logic is they must be being targeted.  a guy defends himself from a black guy -- their logic is the guy must of started it or had it coming.  they can't even see how ridiculous it is to insist that blacks are all innocent little angels that never do anything wrong.

you can look at the crime statistics before segregation and after, the one thing that holds true is blacks commit the most crime in the USA.  this is a statistic that has held true for hundreds of years.  you can look at primarily african countries and see that violence and crime rates in those countries are much higher than the world average.  in every country with a minority black population, their crime rates are higher than their population ratio's by alot.  the whole world can't be lying or out to get blacks.  

people aren't supporting trayvon because he was innocent.  people are supporting trayvon because they ignore the facts and want to believe he is innocent.  they want to push their own agenda's.  they want to pull the race card.  they'd rather have a non-black get killed trying to defend himself, rather than a black criminal getting killed. hell, there was a giant funeral shooting of blacks killing blacks in cold blooded murder and not even the black community gave a damn.  they only defend their criminals when their criminals are attacking other races.
I used to get angry, and think it was 'reverse racism' when I saw affirmative action apply to give blacks jobs as cops, D.A's, Police Chiefs, Judges, etc....but I have come to the realization that the reason we do this as a society is both more sinister and racist, and sadly necessary. 

Its so when the Black Thug gets pulled over with his loaded gun and stolen goodies in the backseat, or with the bloody knife after he's killed and raped some 'cracka' -- its so the he'll be arrested by the BLACK Police Officer, interrogated by the BLACK Detective, Charged by the BLACK prosecutor, defended by the BLACK defense attorney, goes before the BLACK Judge, sentanced, and off to the prison with the BLACK Corrections Officers and BLACK Warden. The reason is so that at no point in the Process the "Al & Jessie Roadshow" can come to town and camp out calling the Race Card.
giving one race more opportunity than others because their race commits more crime, is foolish and disparaging to every other race.  that's essentially being held hostage by the crimes of the black race.  

so a white guy who is more qualified than a black guy, should he be denied employment only to live in poverty, all so a black face can punish black criminals?  does that really sound like the greater good?

the truth is, blacks are a minority.  half of all judges or police officers CAN'T possibly be black.  at best, only 1 in 10 could be due to their population ratio.  so let's say you have 100 black criminals, 10 judges.  90 out of those 100 black criminals will have a non black judge.  it shouldn't matter what race they are -- justice is color blind.

putting a black face on it doesn't solve the root of the problem.  the real root of the problem is black culture in america is not only a failure to everyone else, it's a failure to themselves.  doing nothing or ignoring the problem is just as bad as being apart of the problem.
Thats what I said.SOME JAIL TIME OK.but not life.Or the same could happen to this young man. http://www.foxnews.com/us/2012/04/26/suspect-attacked
That's completely different.  As far as everything shown in the news goes, what zimmerman did was not racially motivated.  The jackass in the article you pointed out attacked someone specifically because of his race.  Zimmerman will have his day in court to show his side.  This other guy already showed that what he did was a hate crime, we should hang his ass.
