companies importing "illegal clothes" that do not comply with Islamic dress standards would be given a warning or closed
What the hell is it with conservative theocracy that insists on robbing women of their human rights?
http://hitachimitersaw.toolshometools.org/
Last I checked, liberals and obama supporters (i.e. not conservatives) primarily support leaving iran alone and defend irans right to do whatever it wants without US interference. So good going with failing to make this an american political segue.  Half baked people of your political affiliation blame others for wanting to deal with iran, then turn around and blame others when nothing is done.  The sheer hypocrisy and complacency is amazing.
And remember, Liberals and Jimmy Carter 'welcomed' Khomenni when he returned to Iran from exile is Paris as the "Muslim Ghandi" -- we see how thats now turned out.
The western media propagandize iran as an iron fist dictatorship while it is actually a fairly nice place & democracy
No, it's a pretty shitty place to live and it's no democracy.  That said, you are right about the rest.  The American right loves to tell lies about it -- though this time, it's not a lie.
Breaking: Iran is not our country. It's none of our business. Last I checked, Conservatives were saying we're broke, yet they want to go to war. Go fucking figure.
and you've just proven my point. 

I say:
"Last I checked, liberals and obama supporters (i.e. not conservatives) primarily support leaving iran alone and defend irans right to do whatever it wants without US interference."

novenator said:
"What the hell is it with conservative theocracy that insists on robbing women of their human rights?"

then you say:
"It's none of our business. Last I checked, Conservatives were saying we're broke, yet they want to go to war. Go fucking figure."

so tell me, what the hell is it with far left monarchy that insists on robbing women of their human rights?  by wanting to allow iran to do whatever it wants, you're advocating how they treat their women.  inconvenient truth eh?

you're just full of a series of half baked comments and failed logic.
so your only concerned with womens rights and human rights in this country. got it.
