20 years, that's nutts. Time flies.
Yeah...THAT'S how.

good.is has never written anything even remotely good.is.
How Do We Prevent Another L.A Riot?

Lock and load.
They had social media to discuss things with each other.

The topic that came up for discussion in London was very close to "lets riot" and it was in reaction to a hood's misadventure.  Public and some private channels of communication were pressed into service of that goal or having more fun at the riots.

Well, a year later, the well behaved public's use of social media is under attack and the company that made the encrypted messaging phones used by the rioters has one foot in the grave if it can't reinvent itself to be something more useful to society.

You have to give youth and everyone else something to talk about that they are building.  Otherwise, they try to tear down what exists and use it as spare parts in some cases.  It doesn't take a magic message or medium to recognize & facilitate that, whatever that is.
we have riots when the lakers win and when they lose, riots and LA go hand in hand
http://gadgethello.blogspot.com/
I measure time based on how shocked I am at a movie's age...
Titanic is 15 years old? Wow...
Total Recall is 22 years old? No way...
Star Wars is 35 years old? Holy Mother!
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
If you want to advertise here, FUCKING PAY FOR IT.

Now take your SLEAZY PORN and shove it up your ass.
What a stupid comment.
Polls, quite deliberately only survey "likely" voters.
Understand that Obama was elected by the statistically "unlikely" voter, which includes, but is not limited to the youth. 
 That is why they missed Obama's nomination and ultimate election so badly in 2008. It is why he is doing better than the polls show now. 

The way for the youth to get a voice is to show up at the polls and VOTE. It will take a couple of election cycles, but eventually what will happen is that there will be a close race somewhere. Say it is for United States Senate, just as an example. If the candidate who is behind sees an additional 2000 votes among people under 25 and his campaign manager tells him he is behind by 1500 votes, Guess what! ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU MATTER!!!!! 

That's just how it goes. May not happen right away but it WILL happen!!!
How about just quit thinking that every single feud between a black person and white person is fueled by race? People have disagreements, get over it.  Seems like that would solve a lot issues coming out in the past few weeks.
Perhaps you didn't understand. What I was trying to say was that anyone who brings their rioting and looting to my doorstep is going to get their fucking head blown off. Which should pretty much stop them.

Sorry for any misunderstanding.
