pretty funny when you stop and take a look at those protesting.
Either we affect massive social change or we live in a fascist police state.
Each of us has to choose.
Keep dreaming occupy.  Keep dreaming.
You are 100% right. We need a change. It's unfair when 50% of Americans do not pay federal income task.
Wait, I thought it was only fascist when Republicans were in charge.  Don't you mean communist.

The funny thing most people don't realize is the hazardous interaction of business and government occurred both under fascism and communism.  One had business involved at the highest level, but the other one made it crystal clear who was really in charge.  If you don't agree with that, do you really think any of the German corporations that enjoyed Nazi favor would have been able to oppose them?
Correct. It would be fair if 0% of Americans paid federal income tax, and capital gains and sales taxes were raised to offset the loss.
"A political regime, having totalitarian aspirations, ideologically based on a relationship between business and the centralized government, business-and-government control of the market place, repression of criticism or opposition, a leader cult and exalting the state and/or religion above individual rights."

"Any political philosophy or ideology advocating holding the production of resources collectively."

No, I definitely meant the first one; fascism.
The second one sounds much more efficient than what we're doing now, but difficult to implement.

However, I do agree with your final assertion, obviating your question.
Optimism correlates with longevity.
Exactly.  While fascism and communism start at different ends of the spectrum, they are both solidly totalitarian/authoritarian.  Eventually the politics fall by the wayside and become unimportant.  Ironically, many times I think the perceived left/right battle is really a libertarian/authoritarian fight.  Then again, I love when social "conservatives" and "liberals" fight over what the government should force on the populace.  Its still authoritarian... I'd rather the government step out of the way and let people do what they want - so long as it doesn't hurt others.
Revolution!!!! don't like Paypal,Yahoo,Google,facebook, twitter, microsoft... share all your frustration at http://easytechnology.org
Because outside the urban areas regular normal have guns.
Are you expecting the fascist police state to self regulate and begin to suddenly respect individual liberty or did you have something more freedom friendly in mind?
If you mean, "Do you expect efficiency maximizers to have a collective change of heart", then no, I don't.

If you mean, "Do you expect that there is sufficient power vested in unwilling enablers of the police state that they will be able to change the system without violent revolution once they recognize that they've been duped", then conditially, yes; that's within the realm of possibility as far as I know.

I am unsatisfied with that, however.
Yep, Cleveland is but a taste of what OWS has in store for America.
Reality keeps you from doing foolish acts, re: Cleveland.
Better yet, how about 0 across the board.
