What is this....Driving For Idiots?
Wow, that was quite uneventful.
"manual provides better gas mileage, more efficient cars" 

ha! 

it may provide the POTENTIAL for a better transmission between gears, but that requires a competent driver to do so. event then any automatic in the last 20 years at least, outperforms manual gear changes for most people. 

E.G. 
Audi's "dual-clutch electronically controlled 6-speed manual transmission" is so efficient at changing gears, it beats the manuals and is licensed to other car makers. even then, you don't need high-end cars to enjoy the benefits, as common cars of all budgets have more than good enough automatic transmissions to best a manual driver.

you'd have to be a competent rally-driver to consistently use manual and gain the benefits of manual transmission of automatic. it's a false economy to use manual, this is why electronic control is better and all modern cars going hybrid and electric are automatic. 

it's no sense to have a manual when the cars are getting smarter and more efficient by letting the computer take control of the engine, and that engine isn't even going to be an ICE for very long.

people are so bad at driving, they screw their gears, crunch cogs and generally keep the engine in either too-high or too-low gears destroying optimum RPM changes.

Most people generally completely negate any benefit from the idea of "it's a more expensive car and costs more to maintain at the garage".

this whole page is such bullshit.
"false economy"

Did you mean false dichotomy? I mostly agree with the rest of what you wrote though. But I also drive a manual and probably will for the next couple of cars at least. The Audi dual-clutch and the Porsche PDK might change my mind.
The infographic considers manual transmissions in kind of an idealized way.  None of those advantages are actually advantages if the driver doesn't know what they're doing, and people who think they're great at driving stick aren't necessarily good at all at it.  So all the advantages for stick go out the window for more people than would care to admit.  

Also, it said that repair costs are high for automatic transmissions, but not for sticks.  In 18 years of driving mostly automatic, I've never had any repairs related to an auto transmission.  My wife and I had a stick for 6 years (she drove it for about 4 years before we got married, and prior to that it was owned by someone else), which did need the clutch replaced.  I don't remember what it cost, but I know I couldn't afford it at the time, but had to do it anyway.

I liked driving stick, but not so much that I would really go out of my way for it.  It's kind of like running Gentoo Linux.  Sure, it could be much better, and for some people it is.  But if you're not very aware and careful (and most people aren't), you could end up screwing it up pretty bad.
once you get used to manual - you can be just as "stress free" and pay as little attention to driving as someone using automatic. You dont need both hands to drive and shift, and most of the time the car is in one gear anyways so you can still do things like drink coffee or play with the radio

When i bought my manual car - it was exactly $1000 less than the automatic version..so i guess that part was at least accurate - for me.
I personally prefer a stick, in the winter i like the control i have over my vehicle plus when going up hill and down hill i can change gears on the fly and even coast to save gas if i feel the need to. I have driven my car for the last 4 years and it is a 1999 model and has yet to need any transmission component replaced or repaired. Another benefit i prefer for a manual is that in the event that my battery dies or my starter goes out instead of being stranded in the middle of no where i just have to coast down a hill a bit or push it up to about 5mph pop it in gear and ease off the clutch and boom engine started. I personally will never drive an automatic for my own personal vehicle if given the choice, I have seen too many cars with random automatic problems such as transmission slipping due to sensor failure, car shifting into too high of a gear for the given speed. As far as gas mileage goes, often times manuals do have better numbers but that is because you can choose what rpm to shift at, for example I can cruise at 30mph in 5th gear in my car while barely touching 1100rpm. An automatic you would be somewhere between 1500-2500rpm with the same car still it just comes down to personal preference.
This infographic is obviously made by an American, for Americans.

I'm actually in a little bit of shock, that someone felt the need to make this.
The page's comments are mostly true for torque-converter equipped automatic transmissions, which are far more common and what people have in mind when they say "automatic transmission."  The DSG, PDK, et al are not automatic transmissions in the way that most people use the term, they are computer controlled manual transmissions, and are still new and relatively rare.  

To say that a page based on 60 years of experience with automatic transmissions is BS based on the developments of the last 5 years (where there is not really enough data to generalize from) is a bit strong.

To put it in perspective: Toyota sells about 2 million vehicles in the US alone each year, whereas VW has sold about 4 million DSG-equipped cars worldwide, ever, across all their brands.
I think the term automatic transmission as laid out in the infographic is itself is still applicable. A machine changes gears automatically. There's nothing about PDK, DSG that violates this principle. Even a lot of torque converter based transmissions still allow drivers to tell the system to change gears.
makes the top 20 most idiotic stories on digg. I didn't get the point of this submission.
At this point driving a manual is just for fun.  Autos are more fuel efficient the net power loss has been reduced so that autos can actually out perform manuals acceleration-wise.
I prefer stick shift, but my wife wants my next car to be automatic.
one thing to remember in all this is that no automatic trans of any type (duel clutch or pdk or Ferrari F1) has foresight and can only react after an event change. manuals teach a driver to understand what they're vehicle is doing and the environment around them to watch and react to events ahead of you. This is way my parents made me and my siblings learn to drive on and our fist cars be stick-shift and is why when my kids learn they will learn the same way. maybe I'm the only one that has noticed this but has cars get smarter and have more do-dads in them drivers are rapidly becoming worse and worse. bring back drivers ed and defensive driving courses.
I got a stick on my Wrangler because it seemed fun. No regrets so far.
"The infographic considers manual transmissions in kind of an idealized way."

are you kidding me? it talks about being able to destroy the gearbox. that hasn't been true for over a decade.
it also talks about having to coordinate 3 things like its very very difficult. it is in fact totally automatic after you've been driving for a few months. after that you dont even have to think about it anymore. you know by the sound of the engine or how it reacts to the accelerator when its time to shift.
