Productivity gains come from people maintaining systems that automate the work instead of doing it themselves.

Equality argument is bogus communism or socialism crap where you can't own your own property of means of production (capital investment into a factory for example).
Looking at the track divergence point around 1973, where hourly earnings diverged, save for the top percentage sharks from trajectory of production, it looks like conspiracy in play.
Particularly since I know for a fact 5to4 Supreme Court fascist decision giving corporations the right to dump unlimited money into influencing elections was enabled just as the bubble broke necessitating 29trillion dollar rescue of bank, world shadow banking calls on bets..
I'm not happy that Earth's atmosphere is set to experience runaway heat increase and Earth's ecosystems are being destroyed including all the life in the Sea..  Can Mob Care?
Productivity - is your def of the term development-without-thought of the welfare of others or of the Earth and her systems on which we all depend, which by the way is about to, if it hasn't already entered a runaway heat increase which may or may not be able to be pulled back from the brink of repeat of Permian/Triassic extinction event (only quicker), that one took approx 10K yrs and southern hemisphere didn't really see the effect of volcanic traps of steps of Russia hitting huge coal deposits to produce gas emissions right away..  But today our use of coal, oil and traditional natural gas is happening in decades to century time scale..  And our geologists and mining groups are pillaging the Earth from one end to the other to get at stuff ASAP.. - Do you consider such 'development' progress? Or is anyone who puts their head up to speak up a commie to have his head chopped off or to have access denied on the internet..  
Vote me down real cool guy if you wish but I've got a BS w honors in Industrial Technology and have numerous credits in the study of geology amongst other things which help me to speak to the issues with authority.  I think.
You've got a lot of BS I will grant you that much.  (And no I never digg down comments in a thread that I participate in unless the other person is really out of line).

Why do you think there is a positive feedback loop when it comes to temperatures?  That doesn't make any sense what so ever.  Wouldn't we constantly be wiped out every time a few warm years string themselves together?  And then after warming so much, just how does the system cool itself if it is indeed a feedback loop? - The answer obviously is there is no such loop and we lose quite a bit more heat to space than previously thought.  Also volcanoes are more likely to cool the planet depending upon the type of eruption.  Using a volcano to cool the planet has been thought of as a possible measure if runaway warming does occur (which won't I assure you).

I do consider such development progress, removing something that is useless and bringing it above ground to better man kind is progress.  Progress requires energy, literally.  The faster we drill and mine coal the quicker viable energy alternatives will be developed and created.

"Or is anyone who puts their head up to speak up a commie to have his head chopped off or to have access denied on the internet."

Absolutely not.  I do not like people who try and silence their opposition.  I hear what you're saying, and years ago I was literally on your side of the issue, and I can present both sides quite well.  A few things did end up changing my mind however.  A few bullet points below for you to hopefully think about.

*Restricting fossil fuels will cause a lot of people to suffer and lower living standards greatly.  Instead of spending only a little of their GDP on energy people will be forced to give up a LOT to have very inefficient energy, because it simply costs more.

*CO2 is not the enemy, as levels have increased, deserts are retreating as plants can grow more efficiently with less water.

*Warmth is also not the enemy - more people die from cold and not hot.  Increasing temperatures can increase yields from crops as more areas are open for farming.

*Polar bears are not dying the in such vast numbers.  We shoot many every year.  Stopping CO2 production across the planet may save 1 or 2 polar bears.  Simply don't shoot 1 or 2 of them to have the same effect.
Of course it shows a shift from labor to capital, you don't think the productivity growth is because today's workers are 80% faster or harder working, do you?  No, most of the productivity growth came from capital investment in automation and information technology.
"There's class warfare, all right, Mr. (Warren) Buffett said, but it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning"

"My friends and I have been coddled long enough by a billionaire-friendly Congress." - Billionaire Warren Buffett, in a New York Times op-ed on Aug. 15.

There has been class warfare going on," Buffett, 81, said in a Sept. 30 interview with Charlie Rose on PBS. It's just that my class is winning. And my class isn't just winning, I mean we're killing them."
I bury (or "Digg down" as you say) when people can't stay on-topic. I gave skyisland the benefit of the doubt for several months, but no longer.
If most manufacturing is being done in China and the Chinese use manual labor more than automation then you are wrong about the investment in automation.  It ain't happening.

Why automate when you can pay someone much, much less to do it manually?
He's talking about the productivity in the US. Some other countries are intentionally less productive because people are cheaper than machines, though productivity is going up in China for the very same reasons as the US.
Where did the workers earnings go?  Wall Street.  American workers have seen our income stagnate for decades while we have also seen profits soaring and soaring.  We aren't working harder, we are working smarter and making our companies more competitive and more profitable.  
Where did the money we earned for the companies go?  The CEOs are making more than ever and our incomes have gone no where.  Warren Buffet called it class warfare and he is right.  That is what it is.  

http://www.aflcio.org/Corporate-Watch/CEO-Pay-and-the-99/

http://www.forbes.com/pictures/mef45eghm/john-hammergren/#content

http://assets.motherjones.com/politics/2011/inequality-p25_averagehouseholdincom.png

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Joo90ZWrUkU
Except most manufacturing isn't being done in China.  In 2010 here is the UN's estimate of manufacturing output:

China: $1.92 trillion
USA:   $1.86 trillion 
Japan: $1.08 trillion
Germany: $0.61 trillion
Italy: $0.31 trillion

So, while China is just barely the biggest, the next 4 manufacture almost twice as much as it. 

http://unstats.un.org/unsd/snaama/dnltransfer.asp?fID=2

Some companies have no desire to deal with the hassle of production in China and quality issues and risk of intellectual property theft and prefer to counter cheap labor with technology and more productive workers in North America.
"No, most of the productivity growth came from capital investment in automation and information technology."

The same was true prior to 1973, but it is only after 1973 that workers quit receiving increased compensation for higher productivity. 

Why? The extensive facts presented in the source article start to support some conclusions:

" Productivity in the economy grew by 80.4 percent between 1973 and 2011 but the growth of real hourly compensation of the median worker grew by far less, just 10.7 percent, and nearly all of that growth occurred in a short window in the late 1990s. The pattern was very different from 1948 to 1973, when the hourly compensation of a typical worker grew in tandem with productivity. Reestablishing the link between productivity and pay of the typical worker is an essential component of any effort to provide shared prosperity and, in fact, may be necessary for obtaining robust growth without relying on asset bubbles and increased household debt. It is hard to see how reestablishing a link between productivity and pay can occur without restoring decent and improved labor standards, restoring the minimum wage to a level corresponding to half the average wage (as it was in the late 1960s), and making real the ability of workers to obtain and practice collective bargaining."
http://www.epi.org/publication/ib330-productivity-vs-compensation/
 
The US economy did best when it had a middle class.
"It's two-thirds the inequality, stupid."

Stupid? Is he writing in his diary? Why is he talking to himself?
Krugman must be preparing to run for some office. He seems to publish an article every other day, and is on TV as much as he can arrange to be.
He is an economic whore for the left, plain and simple. Novie, Philperpective and their band eat his poo as a steady diet.
Krugman even looks creepy.
Here is link to two articles and a study abstract to help you understand the likely effects of large scale vulcanism and temperature increase.
http://climatechangepsychology.blogspot.com/search/label/Permian%20mass%20extinction 
What mankind is doing is not gradual but catastrophic in proportion because of the compressed time scale involved.
 
Also, to my mind the ocean pH changes today indicate CO2 increase by man has swamped the buffering capacity of the Sea.

Note the mention of methane in causation of heat increase which is also what is starting to be released from natural sequestration in Arctic in response to heat increase today..  But in my mind also is knowledge of huge quantities quite possibly larger than all coal, oil and conventional natural gas of Methane in hydrates vulnerable to release due to atmospheric heat rise..
Also note, you'd probably be able to find ref in sidebar at site to the fact that pores of plants used for respiration and transpiration decrease in number with increased CO2 which affects temp.  That affects food production and contravenes your assertion that CO2 in excess is good for plants.  Because CO2 rise forces heat rise too.
Rice production falls as night time temps remain high as is what happens and is happening now due to man made climate change.

Please help stop advocating digging up oil and coal. Renewable energy is where it is at and it has unlimited potential for good.
No, most employees' paychecks go to shelter, prepared food, cell phones, eating out, substances and/or bars, nicer/less fuel efficient vehicle than they need and cable.
Many or most do not invest for their retirement, instead they spend every dollar they make, and then spend more. Just like the U.S. government does, huh?
^ 
Ad hominem.
"Please help stop advocating digging up oil and coal. Renewable energy is where it is at and it has unlimited potential for good."

No.  No it really does not have unlimited potential for good.  If you have Netflix please view the documentary titled "Cool It".  If we have to lower standards of living to use it, renewable energy is doing no good.

In fact if you measure the amount of good it does in terms of dollars spent compared to results yielded - alternative energy is one of the worst ways you can possibly make the world a more positive place.
Wonderful, NYT is now limiting free online reads to 10.  I had to disable JS and delete the offending JS from my local version to view.
I was curious how often he posts articles, so I found this:

http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/

At the time it was 15 articles in three days. He slacked off this weekend and only wrote four yesterday (including the one in this sub).
They won't be happy until we're sitting in the dark shivering.
Having a family meeting to decide where to spend tonight's energy ration coupons.

Until we're all living in one bedroom apartments because the family can't afford to heat more than that.
Until we're taking one shower a week because we can't afford the hot water.
Nice, bdbr, you came up with numbers. I am glad I was on the understated side, where I try to stay.
He has to be planning something since he is spewing this storm of questionable diatribe.
One huge (and often overlooked) event in the 1970's was the introduction of purpose-built container ships. That reduced the cost of manufacturing goods overseas.

The advantage of moving manufacturing overseas, of course, is lower wages. Won't raising domestic wages just encourage that?

(don't read this as an implication that I think income inequality is a good thing)
Where the productivity went.  --Here is the big picture because this discussion needs mention of the primary ecosystem service of Earth, the conversion of sunlight to sugars. Productivity so long standing it has not been extinguished since life began on the planet and moved from chemical processes to biological diversity of using starlight for food..
Still it hasn't dawned on the vast majority of the current top specie that it is in jeopardy.
The open system is closing like a dark veil about to renegotiate release of heat to the sky.
Holding it in enough to jeopardize all life processes on Earth..  That should factor big today!
Tie vote on this being dugg up/down at the moment; -2/+2.
Why?

Are the statistics "incorrect" or are the statistics "inconvenient"?

The assertion seems germane, assuming it is true.
For those purpose-built container ships, what is the port-to-port transit time in weeks going from a Chinese harbor to a US harbor?

I have been sort of wondering that question lately and it would be interesting to take into account when understanding both the "globalized economy" and "global competition" among labor markets, not to mention distribution/value-chain economics and time-to-market latencies.  Ya know?
It could mean he is having someone ghost writing them, if that is your implication, but it could be simply explained by him not writing every single article in one calendar day or less nor starting right after finishing the last article even.

A lot of thorny issues are thorny because they have been around a long time [or maybe I have that backwards].

But anyway, that gives him a lot of leeway as to when he can start it, and when he can publish his thesis about it.  I mean, these problems are not going away anytime soon in many cases.  If they did, that would obviate the article.

He does not seem to be up against that wall, does he?  :-)
Conainerships actually appeared in the 50s, but the first international runs didn't start until the mid 60's, so maybe I can see them becoming a real force in the 70's. But I suspect that is more a result than a cause of globalization. The bigger driver is more likely the dropping of tariffs and growth of trade pacts.
http://www.cn.ca/en/shipping-prince-rupert-transit-time-advantage.htm

10-15 days it looks like.
"Purpose-built" - from what I've read, before the 1970s ships were just modified to accept containers in some fashion or another.

But I wasn't really asking about ships.
Government of the rich, by the rich, and for the rich. All the stupid right-wingers are manipulated so easily to help.
Thanks, that page is a great reference!!

Showing mix of different departure/arrival ports gives a lot more confidence in the soundness of the figures that solely presented the exact number I was looking for but in a contextual vacuum.
It is a rerun.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McCarthyism

Wikipedia:
There were also more subtle forces encouraging the rise of McCarthyism. It had long been a practice of more conservative politicians to refer to liberal reforms such as child labor laws and women's suffrage as "Communist" or "Red plots."
This tendency increased in the 1930s in reaction to the New Deal policies of President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Many conservatives equated the New Deal with socialism or Communism, and saw its policies as evidence that the government had been heavily influenced by Communist policy-makers in the Roosevelt administration.
In general, the vaguely defined danger of "Communist influence" was a more common theme in the rhetoric of anti-Communist politicians than was espionage or any other specific activity.

Ref.
[1] http://starlingtalk.com/BirdSong.htm
[2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bird_vocalization
[3] http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/loon

Here it comes again.  Same old song and dance.
Paul Krugman is tired of trying to reason with you people  http://digg.com/news/offbeat/paul_krugman_is_tired_of_trying_to_reason_with_you_people
We will ultimately have to lower our standards of energy consumption either way rcg.  Either in the form that we start to green our energy base and focus on recycling/efficiency, or we just burn through all of the finite fossil fuel resources we have and suddenly run out.  It's our choice as a species.  I prefer to take the route where we are aware of our predicament and chose to moderate it, rather than just wait for the energy/food/water wars and literally billions of deaths.
The people who DO have stable jobs are busier than jumper cables at a redneck funeral. 

We have very high productivity, and are getting nothing in return.
Capacity to keep gas flowing from the pumps at the corner filling stations now is the short term gain in the easy life and sense of security as Ben Franklin describes as deserving of neither life nor liberty for those so weak and foolish to so choose.  US Supreme Court and blather from economists and weak willed short tempered and arrogant citizens almost by now closes chances or precludes chances to alter course from sending green;  The color green from the Blue Marble of the sky - from the presence of land masses in short order..
Who among the blathering rabble and self anointed economists thinks thermodynamics?
