Austerity doesn't work.  Look at England.  It is no coincidence that their economy faltered when the conservatives got into power.  

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2012/04/27/uk-recession.html

What we need is a new New Deal.  It worked before and it will work now.
Kensyanism is the only system that makes objective sense.  Everyone was Keynesian up to Reagan.  Some were just better at it than others.  But using demand to drive supply is the only obvious way to make change.
The problem with austerity is it depresses demand.  If you depress demand, what is the point of supply?  This is why that store front in the nearby strip mall (pick one) is empty half the time, then filled with a bright, shiny new store for a few months before going out of business because nobody supports it.  And the cycle repeats because there is ALWAYS money to start a business (thanks to 'Friedmanomics'), but once started, there is no demand to maintain it.

Our problem isn't that there isn't enough business, it's that no business can be maintained though 'austerity.'
The New Deal worked? What? You figure if you repeat the mantra enough times someone other then yourself will believe it? 

I suppose that's got to be the explanation because no number of repetitions will make it true.

Oh, and by the way stupid, the Great Depression dragged on for twelve years with the economy getting repeatedly hammered by every one of the swooningly brilliant Roosevelt's efforts to resuscitate it. Thanks, but that's the sort "solution" that only works if administered to someone who's condemned to death. We can do without out.
"only system that makes objective sense"? Well, other then the fact that there's not a single case of its application doing anything other then tanking an economy you're absolutely right.
Who is going to lend us the money for all you spending?  How do you propose to pay it back?
Why listen to a leftist who espouses big government, socialism, and heavy taxes and regulation?  That kind of stuff got us into this mess in the first place.

Buried for Krugman spewage.
Wait wait, don't tell me.  Krugman says we should spend more.  What a surprise.
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
They must WANT to tank the economy.  It's clear that Obama wants that.
But the diggers -- do they really believe this idiocy?
Why is it Krugman always seems to skip the obvious? The bailouts went to the people who got us in the mess in the first place. (The banks..) A lot of good that did us.
Keep saying it, maybe it will come true.
Wait, is he trying to *cause* a Depression?

'Cause spending money you don't have will do that, to be sure.
It seems like half the time the liberals are squealing that Republicans want to cut spending and they acknowledge that some things will have to be cut, but they think conservatives are going overboard on the cutting.  The other half the time they are insisting we need to spend spend spend.  It makes no sense.
When did it become government's job to fix the poor business decisions made by the CEO of JP Morgan?
There's a happy medium where stimulus isn't created but cuts aren't made, which is the best.  The US simply got closer and has a better central bank administrator who used QE.  We don't need more stimulus like Krugman has been saying.  The economy is fully capable of taking care of itself.  Private sector jobs are increasing, public sector decreasing, which is exactly what you want since private sector creates revenue, public sector creates debt.  Krugman is trying to get what he can from being wrong.  The US didn't need more stimulus and is recovering nicely.  We have less debt to manage because we didn't listen to people like Krugman.  Now he has to push his book before it's too late.
Krugman has written how we will pay it back - we won't. He likens it to the WWII debt that still exists, never paid back but no longer an issue because the dollar is so inflated. He says we'll grow out of it, but he's also in favor of monetary policies that will inflate much of it away.
No need to repeat.  When your words reflect reality they just do.
Single case?  There is only a one case that's is important.  The New Deal, and it took a backward, effectively third world nation (before there even was a third world) and made a superpower out of it.   That would be your one example.  Oh, and Germany and Japan, who were taken over by New Deal Americans after the war and...  Wow, they became the second and third economies in the world, didn't they?

Seems pretty effective for a system that 'doesn't work.'

But keep digging it down.  All the smart people know that when the 'digg traitors' start digging things down in mass it's because there is a truth they don't want you to read.
This article points out the other sides of Keynesian economics that many forget - it's not just extra borrowing & spending in down times, but significantly reduced borrowing & spending in good times. Krugman says he was arguing for the latter last decade.

This would have had us us entering the recession with far lower debt, allowing the government to artificially sustain it with far less risk...but we'd already blown that. Do we just pretend it doesn't exist?

The whole idea is you inflate away debt when times are better. As Krugman sometimes points out, the huge WWII debt wasn't paid off, it was overtaken by "growth" - a dollar then is worth twelve cents now, so that debt is only a small fraction of what it was. But to return to Keynesian economics means we'd have to *stop doing* what we've done for the last 30 years - heavy borrowing in good times & bad. You can't inflate away debt if the debt keeps growing as fast as the economy.
Paul Krugman is a depression.
Krugman must have maxed all his credit cards.
Krugman is a weasel. Watching his body language on 'This Week', he's shifty eyed and will not look at anyone for more than a second or two.  It's creepy.

But, to the point, what is far worse is the media still sees this extreme liberal perspective as having some kind of insight. All based on his Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences award.  Awarded by. . .bada bing. . far left European liberal economists.  And we now see where the Euro economy is going.  It's spend spend spend. . .and spend some more.  What should have exposed this crazy loon, is he believes we didn't spend enough during the bailouts.  Crazy.  But crazy as a fox, since many still listen to the nonsense.
depression poverty recession economy recovery politics government policy
