Fuck the Federal Reserve. Audit them and then shut them the fuck down. A private bank should not have this much control over our economy.
Close to 17 trillion estimated to be unaccounted for in the reserve.  Probably why they wont audit them.  They would have to pony up what happened to the money.
If it's not broken, don't fix it.  The US is in a recovery, let's not get impatient and try to push it.  A slow recovery is better than a quick recovery followed by a big correction.
I hate private banks, lets take off all the  money
I thought part of the America's economic problems were years of low interest rates, leading to a debt fueled economy and the devastating housing bubble, when the federal reserve should have increased rates to discourage borrowing.
9 trillion were loans to banks for the mortgage crysis and some of it payed back.  2.3+trillion missing from the pentagons budget, probably used for black projects or for secret operations the u.s congress does not know about, the pentagon works in secret even the president does not know sometimes what they are doing.  There is a source and a destination, I'm sure they do have records of where the money goes that's why they need to be audited.
I say, fuck the U.S political government that's inept and inefficient.  The Federal Government is out of control with the spending.  The federal reserve cannot print or create money electronically without the approval of congress and this is in the law.  So blaming the Fed bank is not the way to go it's the same representatives we keep putting in power.  It's time for States to withhold Federal Government(Rid of the current federal government and replace it with a smaller one) tax money and use it for their own benefit or make loans out to other states.  California, Texas, Chicago, NYC, are the primary federal tax paying States.
C'mon, be honest.  Everyone knows the real inflation rate is higher than that.  Geez, gasoline has doubled, which causes everything else to go up.  Except real estate.
Just don't give out any more bailouts...
One way to cause inflation to rise is to allow the Federal govt to print/borrow/create even more money out of thin air.  Which is really what this article is lobbying for, I think. 

That's their answer to everything.  Govt spending more.

Question: Of course, someone has to lose -- who is it?  
Answer: higher inflation punishes people who have saved money.  Their savings are worth less.
Since it's mostly fucking old people, who cares?
http://www.businessinsider.com/these-11-countries-can-look-forward-to-blazing-hot-inflation-in-2012-morgan-stanley-2011-10

So, artificially raising inflation might fix things?  Kinda like doubling the price of gas has fixed things?  Well, I certainly suppose it has made a few individuals screamingly rich...
No, it's broken.  2% growth doesn't even keep up with population growth.  With continued 2% growth, we'll continue to get poorer and more deeply indebted.
What?
It's often said that the Fed's role is to "to take away the punch bowl just as the party gets going" (quoting a previous chairman).The Fed wasn't doing their job back then.
The Fed and their bank buddies just want to insure we are addicted to borrowing.  Raise rates - I'm a saver and have been punished long enough.
Agree
Amen
The rich don't want inflation. So the rest of us are screwed.
