Please Obama, don't do it!
I am not sure what I'd do with a drone.  Spy on someone?  Pretend I'm Jack Bauer?  As exciting as this may sound, I'll pass.
There is a drone you can get for that much. The Parrot iirc
An article about Drones written by someone who has no concept of how much painstaking evidence must be verified before we even begin getting into the rules that permit getting authorization to strike.
The last thing Cosmic Surfer and daily beast is qualified to talk about is reality.

Drones CAN'T ruin my life at all. Because I don't think that I can break laws as long as I look around real well to make sure no cops are physically nearby.
You would do some spying ... Only it would be on wildlife in some remote area ... And you would take pictures of them grazing or playing or scratching their butts against a tree.
Yeah, Im pretty damn certain that people dont just fire 60k rockets at people who simply have a beard and run for cover.
Im  sure theres so much more to it before wasting resources doing it.

The bit about "Oh nooo how dare someone make drones and use them without a public thumbs up.."
Get fucking real.

If you dont do it, someone else will. This is why the Germans invented the nuke. Every country is trying to get ahead. if you dont try then someone else beats you to it.

Unfortunately yes, war sucks. people do indeed die. innocent people die :(
But the problem being , without it. MORE! people would be dying without intervention.

I'm pretty fucking sure that the middle east would be 4000% worse off without U.N intervention.

Oh noes.. Someone went to work today for the gov and killed someone.. Most shockingly they kissed their kids goodbye before going to work. What an ass-hole.

And yet.. You can bet your ass that these extremists do the same before killing people two.

Fucking retarded article.
At this pace of commenting obama would send a drone to my house
By Killing innocent Man, You are rather giving enzyme "To Terrorist Production",,!
exactly
I think you missed the point of the article. I think it was highlighting the dangers of where it could go from here..

"This is why the Germans invented the nuke". Exactly. At the time nobody could see where THAT was going to go (ie nuclear arms race). Now we have nuclear non-proliferation treaties etc.
The picture painted is big brother vs Winston and the lot, but it's not the case at all. Extremist are and will be a tribe that we should deal with, with as much distance as possible. We didn't retard our growth as society and halt innovation in the name of some desert superstition. Because of this it's wrong to combat a hostile enemy using our current technology? Hardly. I agree, this article is a waste!
"the CIA is boasting that it has a micro-UAV the size of a small pizza, invisible at night and capable of hovering soundlessly outside your window for several hours."
Hmm, seen that somewhere before...
http://www.quadrocopter.us/
