Why is Hillary Rosen livid exactly?
Granny's right again...
excuse me does not agree with their ingorant philosophy.
Granny ignores the laws being pushed by the state GOP legislators and is also silly enough to think that Democratic women expect the government to raise their kids.

I didnt think anyone was that ridiculous but I have found one. Granny might be ok without her birth control, but like the Catholic church found out, a lot of Republican women wont be happy about it.

Sorry Granny, not biting on your silliness here
yaawwnnn, please join reality.
If you're going to accuse a group of being ignorant, you may want to learn to spell it. Otherwise you end up looking pretty "ingorant"
Silliness, because you don't agree? I paid for my birth control, not my insurance company, not planned parenthood, not the government, I paid for it and I had damn little money. At no time in my life did I expect anyone to take care of my sexual habits but me. 
I ignore nothing, but you do. You ignore the fact that it is your choice to have sex and your choice to force women to be the ones to take possibly dangerous medication to prevent pregnancy, instead of the man putting on a very cheap rubber, or getting fixed.
Don't try to play this bs with me, because men have been shoving this crap off on women forever and it's time the men in this world either kept their dicks in their pants or take care of the protection. 
Many women cannot take birth control pills for medical reasons, and taking birth control does tend to increase sexual conduct amongst young women with multiple partners. Time to stop this crap and quit using fake wars for political gain.
I'm an excellent speller sweetie, just not always a great typist.
Sorry granny but you fail again. Its not how or who pays for your birth control, its the fact that it will be taken away from you if any of the personhood bills pass. The GOP is passing bills that make a miscarriage a murder rap.90% of catholic women use or have used birth control and you advocate it being taken away. A huge number of the women in this country use birth control. If you want to stick to the silliness of who will pay for it then go ahead, but the danger from the GOP and your uterus is obviously not in your knowledge base. Start reading

BTW that includes for medicinal use as well
I am sorry if I am condescending here, I dont mean to be. There are serious laws being written agaisnt women. The dominionist behind come of it want you and youtr offspring to be baby machines. Its no long er about men keeping it in his pants, its about them using you for that purpose
I doubt the women in the oval office will be motivated to keep pushing this meme since they are making 18% less than their male counterparts and women have lost almost half a million jobs due to the Presidents policies.

Somehow I doubt the average woman out there cares about the $9 a month they will have to fork out for birth control.  As far as the bible thumpers trying to overturn Roe v. Wade that just ain't happening so the point is moot.  

This election will be about the economy and the failures of prog policies no matter how many distractions are out there.
Actually women have not lost half a ml because of the presidents policys. The policys that caused the jobs losses were in place before the current pres got it.

Failures?  Market up, unemployment going down, 23 months of job creation? New UM claims going down.  You been listening to Boehner?

You dont get it either. Its Not the cost, its the fact that state GOP legislators are doing their best to make birth control illegal , forcing ultra sounds on women needlessly, making a miscarriage the same as murder in 19 states now. You have a lot of reading to do.  This election will be about Mitts unfortunately statements, signing pledges to do away with birth control and taking womens rights away.  No, its far more than some rumor started by Boehner

Im not sure what FLOTUS makes nor is it material. That part is equal pay for equal work
When you have an idiot President who tries to overrule religious doctrine that has been there since long before any of us were even a gleam in our daddies eye, your going to start people fighting back. 
There is little worry about the GOP doing anything about taking away anyones birth control or anything like that, because 90 % of Republicans use birth control.
Not only that the GOP realizes it can't afford anymore baby' momma's on welfare.
Well lets look at it this way, the law that went national was already the law in 19 states and was signed by Bush. And the catholics were following it. They never said a word till it went national. But worse, the catholics already had permissions to NOT follow those laws, yet made a big deal of it anyways.  No, the church soon found out it needed to back off because they had little support from the people after a month.

You are wrong about the birth control.  It is being pushed very hard in GOP states. Of course if it passes(The personhood bills) in one state the place will go crazy

You will hate the site but I suggest you read this article with links to the bill or sources. Your not going to be happy. Its just a listing of GOP actions. I hope you get the chance to read it because there is some heavy religious groups behind much of it

http://www.politicususa.com/the-dirty-thirty-march-2012-edition/
