The banks are cooperating with the police? Against the occupy protesters? Why aren't the police arresting the bankers for the crimes they committed against the occupy protesters? And everyone else? Why aren't the police being arrested for their collusion with the bankers?
"Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he can rob the world."
If you are bored go to http://beingbored.net
yawwwnn, you are sooo predictable little skewsieQ
Shouldn't you cite your source for that comment?  Was it from Mao or Stalin?
Have you already forgotten the huge bailouts to the banks?  
The source is bush/cheney.
Just for you, sure. It's called the teaparty. You know, the people who were "alledgedly" angry at the banks for their recieving of TARP funds from President Bush. Then when the second round of TARP was enacted, still part of the Bush bailout, under Obama, and then a similar movement, Occupy Wall St., was born, now all of a sudden it's Stalinist, Maoist activity. Not only are you an idiot, and a fool, but obviously a liar, and hypocrite to boot. Who do you think you're talking to? An idiot like you with a selective memory? Don't ever reply to me again. Now if you will excuse me, I have now replied to you, and stevenoski. I need to take a bath.
You are so predictable little skewsieQ.  Nothing of substance, only name calling and irrational hatred.
OWS is not a terrorist organization and the banking industry should be subject to criminal prosecution for spying on U.S. citizens.  The Patriot Act has been abusing U.S. freedoms for too long.  It's time to repeal it and all of the abuses it has empowered.
"Why aren't the police arresting the bankers for the crimes they committed against the occupy protesters? "

Name. One. Crime.
I don't think "spying" means what you think it means.

Also, name one example... ONE EXAMPLE, of how the Patriot Act has directly affected you, or someone you personally know.
Sure it is.
I'll name three...embezzlement, theft and fraud.
Read the Patriot Act.  Warrantless wiretaps are NOT publicly disclosed.
In that case, so is the Tea Party and the entire Conservative movement which are BOTH championing a seditious political agenda.

Look up the word, "sedition".
So, you cannot name one example.

Meanwhile, whenever Democrats raise taxes or create regulations, I can list thousands of examples of how I am personally affected by these policies.

You're swinging at vapor, while I have concrete reality on my side.
well said joes
Add Forgery.
Cite specific examples please.
Really?  The Occupy Oakland camp was rife with banners calling for the overthrow of the government and society's institutions.  Not to mention the damage and injuries caused by that crew during their marches.  This is something you can't say of the tea party (at least the injuries and damage... stupid banners sure, burning property no).  

I agree the Patriot Act should be repealed (though I doubt it ever will be as it's too handy to whichever party is in power).  But to say that OWS doesn't have darker tendencies disavows their past.
wow that isn't much different then the way you comment on here Im not a republican or a democrat but I am curious as to why if the democrats do it the republicans think its bad but its ok for a republican to turn around do the same damn thing?
That should not need one simple common sense...
 oh fuck you dont have common sense nevermind clown shoes continue being a douche
lol was about to say that if they classify OWS as a terrorist group that should go for the tea party as well but why not throw all the right wing nutjob in that group as well. People that stupid and blind to what is really going on terrify the hell out of me but you cant leave the liberals out of it some of their stupidity is just as terrifying. Stevanoski is just pissed because someone understands how our government works a whole hell of alot more then what he does. We should have the patriot act appealed if they think it is to protect us from terrorists they are full of shit it was written in order to protect the government from the people they work for us.
yea and the tea party has not got near the attention that OWS has. Maybe the tea party should re think their strategy
here is a specific cite for you. Your fucked in the head too far gone for any form of help and should be committed for the rest of your life so you can't attempt to influence people with bullshit.  And I say attempt because anyone who would agree with the batshit insane stuff you come up with is just as fucked as you. Its like that guy wearing feety pajamas a tin foil hat and playing a casio keyboard we just smile and nod because we don't want him flipping out and having a psychotic episode. I would come closer to calling the guy with the feety pajamas normal where you are as repulsive as a hunk of dog shit. You really make it too easy to insult you when you have your head up your ass and are too stupid to realize that everybody on digg hates you. even your fucked up little conservative buddies hate you.
No, they've only managed to hijack a major political party and dictate ideology for the last 3 years.  I don't agree with much of their message, but they've actually achieved some political change.

What's OWS done?  oh yeah, crap on police cars, burn buildings, break windows, whine about a new problem every other day, and annoy the hell out of the 99% that actually work for a living.

Good luck on your May Day riots, kid.  Have fun playing in the street.
shitting on cop cars is funny though. But then again leave it to someone who would stick up for a far right group to not completely understand OWS. Yes they have been unruly but when we collectively as a country have been lied to and manipulated for so long something has got to give. I dont think they should have started with wall street. They should have gone right to the puppet master and occupy our federal government.;
shitting on cop cars is funny though. But then again leave it to someone who would stick up for a far right group to not completely understand OWS. Yes they have been unruly but when we collectively as a country have been lied to and manipulated for so long something has got to give. I dont think they should have started with wall street. They should have gone right to the puppet master and occupy our federal government.;
No matter. The banking cartel will be torn asunder. 
I know of no cases of any of those three. Please try again.
no cites then it didn't happen.
As always Steve-o, your reasoning is SORELY lacking.  

Wealth/Money don't disappear from people's investment, retirement/savings and bank accounts due to a lack of "citations".   Conservatives may condone that criminal behavior, but most of the country does NOT.
Your ignorance and ideologically-driven denial do NOT substantiate your argument or credibility.
We dont have cites to prove you are an utter fuck head. But then again when you make good social observations it takes but only a second to figure that out
Read what I wrote, "genius".  Divulging that information requires a security clearance FEW possess.  Even if I possessed that clearance, divulging that information is subject to prosecution.  You know that as well as I do, so don't waste my time with your partisan BS.

Yes, I've witnessed your unending whining about the government, but the vast majority of your examples simply prove that you've never grown up and are incapable of grasping the concept of responsibility.
@Dave,

Pick up the Wall Street Journal or, if you have access to their online content, SEARCH their database over the past 4 years for relevant articles.

Would you like to accuse that longstanding Conservative news source of being a Liberal website TOO?

P.S. I'm not here to wipe your runny nose.  Grow up and do your own homework.  (Leave it to a Conservative to expect everyone else to do their work for them..."hard workers", my ass).
Oh, so I'm ignorant? I'm in denial?
Okay. Then prove me wrong, and name an executive who was convicted of fraud, or a similar crime.
