Uh oh, his mouth is open.  That means he is lying again.
Don't worry, it will change a dozen times between now and November
Well, there goes Michigan to Obama.
Someone just shook an etch a sketch.
Mittens, we have your comments from the time, is it in your ETCH A SKETCH powers do rewrite what you said?
In b4 'wull obammer said that one thing that one time and lied.'
Odd....never heard Mitt say 'let Detroit go bankrupt".  Possible I missed it, probably not.

DID hear him (correctly) state that bankrupt companies like GM and Chrysler should go bankrupt.  Anybody who thinks those are "Detroit" are perhaps a bit too insular.
Here's where he said (or rather, wrote), "Let Detroit go Bankrupt" - http://www.nytimes.com/2008/11/19/opinion/19romney.html
Nice try
What else do you expect?
Helping Somalia's poor will be Romney's Agenda?
I'm going to guess that you didn't read the post. That's Romney's title to his article which he penned.
So you're saying A politician's mouth is moving therefore it must be a lie?
Romney is certainly allergic to the truth, i watched him on Candy Crowley and he said"it is clear at this point that the Presidents economic policies have failed and he pointed to to jobs numbers as proof....what a lying , twisting the truth to distort reality "sack of (excuse me ) CRAP ...Romney is !
No.  You are making a blanket statement about all politicians.  
I was referring to one specific individual who is a pathological liar.
You do know that Ford was in favor of the bailout, not because they are altruistic, but because if GM and Chrysler went under so would many of their suppliers.  Those suppliers support Ford also, which means that Ford would have gone under too.  
  That would have left America with no domestic car manufacturers!
What he said was that Chrysler and GM should be allowed to go bankrupt. That is the only way to get red of burdensome pension and insurance plans that give them a competitive disadvantage. If that had been allowed to happen, another manufacturer would have purchased the assets and they could have started over a much leaner & profitable.  I don't think that it is not appropriate to take taxpayer money to bail out corporations.  It sounds like Romney's adviser is trying to spin this to say that in effect the government bailout was a bankruptcy restructuring.  I disagree with this.  Furthermore, I googled Romney's advisor's comment to get more info on it and this same blog post has been regurgitated all over the web almost verbatim.  I smell a rat here. This sounds like liberal hype to me.  I would bet that was not what he meant and that his words are being taken out of context.
Yes and you are taking it out of context, twisting words around.  It was obvious what he meant.
Detroit did go bankrupt.  See what happened?
And they did go bankrupt.
He didn't ever say that.  That was what a New York Times editor titled his op ed about how bankruptcy would help the companies...and what do you know, it did.
Mitt would make a good used car salesman.  Good president . . not so much.
Proof that elections are either rigged or that a large enough portion of actual voters are insane is that the Republicans can say what they say and do what they do and still get in office.
Hopefully, MItt will never learn ventriloquism so this "tell tale giveaway" of lying will be lost.

What will the world do if we cannot detect Romney's mouth movements?
Holy crap--  I would love for people to pull their head out of their ass.

What part of, "there was no fucking money to lend" don't people get?   Auto Industry people, bankers, and several others have repeatedly said that THAT time, there was nobody willing to lend the kind of money needed to handle the capitalization and bankruptcy.  The Government was the lender of last resort.
Cite your source. I cited mine; Mitt Romney's entire title reads, "Let Detroit Go Bankrupt".
I wonder if he flips or flops on his old lady at night ?
i like firing people
You and Mitt Romney must be kindred spirits!
You and your hypocritical conservative allies have changed the meaning of "taking words out of context" to mean "making valid points that prove my ideology wrong". 

Just like your side changed "torture" into "enhanced interrogation"

Just like how "tax cuts for the wealthy" became "stimulus for job creators"

Just like how "sensible government programs" morphed into "socialist government totalitarianism"
FTA:

"Mitt Romney is both a moderate and a conservative, depending on the situation. It is not that he is one or the other; it is not that he is one and then the other. He is both at the same time."

"Mitt Romney will feel every possible way about an issue until the moment he is asked about it, at which point the many feelings decohere into the single answer most likely to please the asker."

http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/01/opinion/sunday/a-quantum-theory-of-mitt-romney.html
his source is the body of mitt's article, as opposed to just the headline, which appears to be all that you read
Except not only did I read his article, I wrote this one.
Well, an individual mandate was Romney's idea first and several other of Obama's dumbest policy actions originally came from Republicans (mostly George Bush), so its not entirely beyond the realm of possibility.
Didn't Romney profit from a Bain Capital bail out?  I've worked with salesman who never told the truth about anything and still lied less than Romney.
'Patriotism' means protesting the government.
'Support' means demoralize.
'Marriage' means a union between any two (or more) people and or animals not a man and a woman.
'Fetus' means a non-living clump of cells not an unborn child.
Taxes means investments.

Shall I go on?
I would rather have zero car manufacturers if that is how they do business.

Too big to fail, what a fucking joke that is. The bailouts disrupted normal business practice with a get out of jail free card. They should have let them tank as any ill business should, now there is an artificially driven  sector that could well fail anyway.
Cite your facts, monkey.
Wait, didn't republicans think the bailouts were bad?
Seriously can not take anyone serious that supports Mitt Romney then turns around and insults Obama. You might as well insult Mitt because they are not really all that different in politics
that goes for republicans and democrats. Don't let those pesky labels they wear fool you
...and all of the "toss up" states.  

Mitt and the modern Conservative movement never met a poor decision they weren't eager to embrace and force upon the country.
Thats it stevanoski spread that bullshit conservative propaganda. Please go on with your delusions
See folks Mitt is no different from Obama. Yet he will remain a hero to any right wing nut job, and they will vote for him because he is a republican and a republican can do no wrong. Either 4 more years of Obama or 4 years of a guy like Obama.
Some of the electoral vote projections are rather interesting. . .showing Obama winning by a rather large lead.

We'll see how it goes. The GOP needs to have their heads handed to them, once and for all.
Mittens doesn't know when to keep his mouth shut.

Unlike the banks Detroit has turned out to have been a good risk to bailout they're actually paying that money back.
Even upstarts like Tesla Motors supported it for the same reasons.
I agree.  I can't believe polls are showing both sides to be as close as they are in this country.

It certainly explains why Conservatives pulled out all of the stops to repeal the Fairness Doctrine and pump so much money into propaganda.  Their brainwashing efforts are working to the country's detriment.
This is Mitt we're talking about. It was probably both his idea to let them fail and to bail them out. It's quite plausible actually.
The banks have paid more of it back (on a percentage basis) than Detroit. 
But bailing out AIG was a big f***up
What you fail to grasp is that private sector-style restructuring was NOT an option.  

As "unclefire" accurately pointed out, the financial services industry did not have the capital to engineeer an auto industry restructuring.  That industry "shot itself in the head" with deregulation and housing market financial derivatives, so bankruptcy would have ONLY destroyed the U.S. automotive industry.

Since you're so eager to throw the retirement SAVINGS and benefits of others under a bus, try doing that to yourself before assuming it's a moral/ethical action.  Why not start by throwing auto executives, bondholders and investors under that bus FIRST since they were led that industry towards it's "derailment"?  Ever watched "Roger and Me"?  No?  Give it a try as it documents GM executive (i.e., Roger Smith, former GM CEO) failures and mistakes as they unfolded.
No, stop in your tracks.  

You're SORELY in need of a dictionary because your vocabulary skills are as pathetically flawed as your ideological beliefs.
Since you appear to be blithely unaware, there isn't an auto industry among major trading "partners" which does not receive major subsidies from their respective governments.

Your dismissive view of the auto bailouts is beyond naive.  Corporations do not operate in mutually exclusive silos.  As a result, when a major corporation goes bankrupt, the economic ramifications are FAR more widespread than you recognize.  Why?  Because that economic devastation touches EVERYONE who is tied to it directly AND indirectly.  Your investments and economic opportunities would have been affected by that collapse TOO.  So, don't kid yourself.

Beyond the auto industry, it should be noted that the auto industry is ALSO a major defense contractor.  Once that manufactiuring capacity was lost, it could EASILY create a MAJOR military vulnerability if the U.S. were to engage in another major conflict in the future as some expect with China.  Let me guess. That national security implication NEVER factored into your thinking.

Free Market is just an economic THEORY that has NEVER been proven to work in the manner you and most Conservatives believe it does.  Remember, theories are UNPROVEN beliefs.
What??? Republicans lying???
the ultra lefties are definitely getting scared now.
Don't worry...you will kill yourself before then out of sheer despair
Ohio for sure, suppliers there.
Honda execs and others were also asking for the bailout, same reason: SUPPLIERS.  They use the same suppliers and suppliers are low margins.  It would have meant death to millions more jobs.  For each supplier, there are suppliers, for each employed person there are services and goods and services they pay for.
Just think if BAIN could have handled the company, how much cash they could have made!  Real property Assets all over the country to "borrow against" before filing.  Then fees for managing the bankruptcy, not to mention pension funds to raid.
It is unnerving that idiots like you will support this guy simply to get "dat derr black libural muzlim outta da white house". There are days when I see how fucked up people like you are that I honestly think it'd be easier to just have mass suicide because shit won't get fixed until you pull your collective heads out of your own assholes.
Your last sentence seems to say the most: 

"I would bet that was not what he meant and that his words are being taken out of context."

You have no proof otherwise so you'll just take the ol' Republican "stab in the dark". Good show.
Bankers are better than your average person, don't you know that? Republicans do, that's why they suck their ass whenever a bank bends over.
I'm sorry, this is irrelevant isn't it?
He'd also make a good pitch man for a wireless carrier or cable company.
Is It?
Yes.
Im sorry, your statement makes no sense. Could you clarify?
Scared of what? The "I guess we'll have to vote for this guy" guy?
Wow, that was easy. Nice!
http://nsaneys.blogspot.com/2012/04/mormon-religion-how-it-was-founded.html
Michigan knows the truth.  They'll be voting for Obama.
His DAD was Governor of  Michigan!!
GM was losing BILLIONS of dollars before the bailout.  What gives them the right to stay in business on the taxpayer's dime?  It's mind boggling that anyone would even think they should be allowed to continue.  Let them fold. If the banks will not lend them money to restructure - tough duck!  What about Kodak and Circuit City and the countless other companies that folded in the recession.  Why didn't we give them a taxpayer funded bailout?  What about those jobs?  Why are the jobs at GM more important.  Better yet, let's just print money that we don't have and give it to any business that is failing.  The only reason why you people support the GM bailout is because you can toot your horn for Obama and say that he saved the company. Had it been George Bush that bailed GM out you would be whining like a bunch of sissies.  Oh and btw, the Government lost 14Billion on the bailout. Yeah that's the way to invest taxpayer's money. Oh Barack what a financial wizard you are.  I really want you to take charge of our economy and fix everything for us.
Perhaps there is a large number of more rational people who don't pick up the telephone to answer poll questions.
lol, thanks
FTA:

"Mitt Romney is both a moderate and a conservative, depending on the situation. It is not that he is one or the other; it is not that he is one and then the other. He is both at the same time."

"Mitt Romney will feel every possible way about an issue until the moment he is asked about it, at which point the many feelings decohere into the single answer most likely to please the asker."

http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/01/opinion/sunday/a-quantum-theory-of-mitt-romney.html
Thats because you dont actually listen to your GOP politicians. They say lots and lots of things that are horrible for this country and yet their base seems deaf to it and keep voting for them. Please just listen to your politicians a bit before you vote for them.
"A managed bankruptcy may be the only path to the fundamental restructuring the industry needs."
-Mitt Romney 

Must be a liberal plot.
I realize that my comment was a very broad stroke (and I was probably already irritated by work before I posted...), and indeed the collapse of even one major car maker would plow under most or all of their suppliers whose sole export is to big auto. 

I understand what the bailout was for, which was a short term fix to head off the damage it was about to cause to the entire economy and flooding the ailing job market further with 100s of thousands of people suddenly out of work. The auto industry was not the only one to get this mulligan. 

But nothing really changed after that is the problem. Our government seems apt to just give our tax dollars to everyone but their own fucking people. These idiots managed these hyper-large industries into the ground beyond recklessly. Instead of being punished they were given bonuses for their incompetence. As a peasant I would be in jail for the same behavior.

The bailout as a whole was a stop-gap of a larger problem, but since they havn't done anything to actually fix our screwed up economy and policies surrounding it, basically they chose a slow economic death over a rapid burn reset. Instead of ripping the bandaid off we put another one on top of the old one, and now it festers infected and out of control.

Granted these are real people I am talking about, and I have no desire to see anyone suffer. Though, that is the world our "leaders" have made of it now that we will all just have to deal with one way or the other. Now to pay for all of this they are cutting social programs. 

Either way it will suck for the everyone who doesnt have the golden spoon of the US Neo Monarchy in their mouth until it all just burns down as it has been for the last 10 years as they just take and take from the lower and middle classes, so they can give it to their corporate fuck-up friends to buy themselves new Lamborghini's and lobbyists.

Free market or any self regulating system based on currency whether a theory or a fact cannot survive in any capacity when there is so much of am imbalance occurring in wealth.
Why I recognize some of the necessary evils built into our society, we're on the same page in rooting out the old boy network "weeds".  I hold executives and politicians who drive these great companies and our country/economy into the ground in the SAME contempt. 

There's NO excuse for that crap and every one of them should be stripped of their ill-gotten gains and incarcerated with LENGTHY jail terms (and NO parole).
@letronnotron,

"What gives them (i.e., GM) the right to stay in business on the taxpayer's dime?"

Answer:  Our economy and national security capabilities depend upon their survival.  If that "boggles" your mind, consider the $trillions poured into the banking industry since 2008 as a DIRECT consequence of Republican-led deregulation efforts in the late-1990's.  Now, THAT'S a beef worth chewing...

As much as it may shock you, our economy and national security did not hinge on a littany of other corporate bankruptcies (i.e., Kodak, Circuit City, etc.).  That's why they weren't bailed out by taxpayers too.  I share your disgust at the presence of "too-big-to-fail" oragnizations in this country and that's why I support breaking most of them up, ESPECIALLY those in the financial services industry.  Unfortunately, we'll have to clean out the Conservative bums in Congress since they stand in the way of ALL of the economic reforms this countrty and our economy DESPERATELY need.

I find it particularly interesting that you support the VERY political movement (I.e., CONSERVATIVE) which made ALL of your economic/fiscal complaints possible.  Do you honestly think this nation's economic/fiscal problems BEGAN the day President Obama was elected?  If so, I pity your tragic ignorance.  

If you want to rage at someone for this country's economic and fiscal troubles, look in the mirror since you helped CREATE that clusterf**k by supporting Conservative politicians and their moronic economic/fiscal policies over the past 30 years (and counting).
For the sake of this country's future, I hope you're right.
snap
And they are now in far better shape than they were before the bankruptcy.
The subprime crisis was the child of the CRA, which was championed by Democrats.
Detriot?  I wish people would proofread.
