Kill a child, make a cool 200 grand.

Should be a game show.
Is withholding material information and avoiding full financial disclosure legal?
Zimmerman and his family testified in court they where financially indigent thus rendering Zimmerman's bail to be set low in comparison to his financial status. The fact he has $200,000 shows his testimony was false. Lying in court, or perjury is illegal. He must show he was not aware of the finances at his disposal to avoid perjury. Only a full retard would not know they had $200,000 in a PayPal account in their name that they setup. It is not good at all to show any deceit going into a potential murder trial.
I doubt the judge will raise the bond because it seems the judge has a soft spot for Zimmerman.  Watch.  You'll see.  If anyone wants to bet me a fun $0.01 (via PayPal) then i am all for it.  Just PM me and we will set this up...would gladly pay out if i am wrong.
first off, zimmerman only just started that site right before he was arrested. he himself had no access to the accounts from jail to even know the money was there.  that alone wins the argument. plus we don't even know when the bulk of the money was deposited, most of it could be from 1 or 2 donators after the bond hearing....are we to count money obtained after a bond hearing!?  but they couldn't even count it even if it came before the bond hearing...

just because people give you money for your legal defense and living expenses, doesn't mean that money should count when determining the financial means of a defendant while determining bail. not only is it legally wrong, it is also morally wrong because it would be the equivalent of cruel and unusual punishment by setting a higher bail based on donations to suck his donations dry.  

what if he got 400K donated right now?  would we have to go back and re-determine his bail?  hell no, that would be ridiculous.  and then, what if they did and after that bail hearing, two days later was given another 400K...would he then have to go back to a third bail hearing for it to be raised!?!  now you should see how ridiculous the notion is that they are trying to pass.  

plus they can't even make an excuse like he is a flight risk because ALL of the money is in his lawyers hands.

this is only being made an issue because people are trying to make it an issue, but that doesn't mean the courts will side with them. the martin's entourage of biased black power racists who call themselves civil rights lawyers are one trick ponies that rely on swaying public opinion rather than the facts of the case.  they want to distract you from the fact that all evidence, real hard evidence, points to zimmermans innocence.  they want to be able to say justice wasn't done in case zimmerman is found innocent, and they want public support to back them up.  it won't even matter if it isn't about trayvon anymore, it'll be about pushing the inaccurate-cry baby-race card pulling agenda's of people like al sharpton and benjamin crump.
It's really really easy to find out exactly how much money had been donated at exactly the moment that he made the claim of indigence. What I don't understand is why people like you will bend over backwards to defend this guy. 

"people like al sharpton and benjamin crump."

Oh right.
I say this constantly, and with people always bitching about their constitutional rights, I don't know why this doesn't click.. Innocent until proven guilty in a court of law by a jury of our peers... 
zimmermans fathers income shouldn't factor into zimmermans bail bond hearing.  he's an adult.  they can only factor the income of him and his wife (not his parents, aunts, sisters, cousins or uncles) and zimmerman hasn't been able to work since this all started.   since the money he gained are donations for his legal defense and living expenses, not money he's earned or inherited, it has no bearing on determining the cost of bail nor his financial means.  in all respects, that money is already spent since zimmermans legal defense will top 1 million dollars or more by the end of the trial, even if he wins.  

besides that, they can't even prove he was aware of the money, because he turned himself in almost immediately after the site went up.  he was in jail the whole time after that, meaning he had no access to the accounts. you can insinuate what you like, but that doesn't mean it can be used against him legally.

the real issue here is trayvon supporters are pissed that people are supporting zimmerman, and they want to punish him for being supported.  it would be like cruel and unusual punishment for bail bond costs to rise simply because someone was getting donations towards their legal defense and living expenses.  it would be like setting up a charity for cancer and being legally forced to spend it on AIDS research instead, just cause, even though people donated to that charity with the express intent of funding cancer research.  that is the principal of what we're dealing with here, and clearly it is wrong and immoral what people are insisting.  for too many people, bias is just a 4 letter word. 

all of that money is in the control of zimmermans lawyer, meaning he's not a flight risk nor is he using it to live lavishly or raise his standard of living beyond what it was before. therefore with all of this taken into account, there is nothing to be argued.
Why does Irishcentral hate Hispanics?
Silly, an abortion doesn't cost 200 grand. In fact, it's pretty easy for a woman to get one for FREEEEEEEEEE!

...should be a game show.
I see, so the only reason a judge will not raise a bond is having a soft spot for the defender. Interesting though process you have. Let me guess, you are an Obama supporter.
Because Hispanics are not blacks.
Are you explaining that to me or the courts? I only stated what was known to be fact. If zimmerman's parents did not want to be factored into the decision of his finances then they should not have testified (key word) in a court of law. If it can be proven they were aware Zimmerman had sufficient funds to not be deemed indigent as he and they claimed, then they are subject to perjury. Given they pulled $5,000 from the account means they had access to the status of the account. (common damn sense tells you that). You clearly missed the point, of the bail proceedings. "Shouldn't" is not factored into fact of the case. Shouldn't shoot people if you do not want to be judged in a court of law for 2nd degree murder, but that is what zimmerman is dealing with and now and he is dealing with lying in court. 

You are trying to superimpose emotion over facts. It means nothing and only serves to enrage yourself over the reality of what this article is stating. Fact is he had money when he said he did not. Fact is the courts declared him indigent when he was not. Fact is his lawyer was not even aware of the funds and was also mislead to zimmermans financial status and had no access to the funds. (his own addmission). Fact is you are intimidatesd by a few random black people (black power racists) standing in the street calling for zimmermans death. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaRs38k6cps&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player lmao if that is any kind of problem. Yet look at what the media did to enrage you over what? Nine people!

 Vilifying the family lawyers of Martain only makes you look a damn fool. And race is not a fucking card game. It was not when hundreds of black men women and children dangled from trees and had their body parts severed for suviners. That is why black people in America respond to racists and potential racists motivated killings the way we do. The history of a failed and suppressed adequete response breeds a degree of violence that is sick and demented, plus it calms the black populace from forming a degree of retaliation against innocent people.
He was NOT a kid, he was 17 TEEN, almost an adult. Get it right and stop watching/listening to the media.
You bloodthirsty bastards and your bullshit.  You are either an adult or a child.  There is no "almost."  He can't vote, he can't drink, he wasn't a criminal that might have been tried as an adult.  He was a fucking kid!!!  Zimmerman murdered a fucking child!  What is wrong with you assholes?
