<ahem> This is not a political cartoon.
Dear Occupy:

"Anytime you see someone more successful than you are, they are doing something you aren't." - Malcolm X
Which is exactly what the newspapers and FONy news sites are doing right now...
PERFECT!  

OCCUPY The Press
Media control of the information we get can be very biased and can be and is used by the unscrupulous, including ambitious government and corporate interests and others with money who ether own them or in effect own them, it's a very dangerous business to believe on face value what they tell you. Some call it propaganda.
You've just won comment of the day! Never trust the MSM.
I'd love to see a banner of this hung on the offices of The New York Times.
The problem is that with few exceptions, there is no "big press" in the U.S. any longer.

Set aside FOX News and (to a lesser degree) MSNBC as these are basically PR factories for their respective ideologies.

What remains are machines that simply work to extract as many viewers/listeners/readers/clicks as possible from a public that is less interested in what they have to say with each passing day.

Long ago network news departments ran as independent units within the organization. It was understood that they would not be money-makers. The network execs of those days felt that running a strong news department was an important responsibility. More recently these news departments were subsumed in the entertainment departments where profit is required.

So what did we end up with? Entertainment posing as news! It has to look slick. It has to have as many viewers as possible. And it has to be cheap. No depth; surface nonsense only.
But I thought the Times was anti-American pinko commie shit?  Who's more oppressive on the global stage than the American empire?
You are what you eat. The more you eat, the more you are.
Same thing is happening to education.   Teachers and classrooms can't (should say couldn't) compete with media (tv, movies, video games) so they increasingly adopted an entertainment-based approach that is more about crowd-control than education.  At the same time, you saw a sudden and marked increase in the amount of time parents were being required to spend working with their kids at home on "homework".  What in fact has happened is that parents are now essentially home schooling their children, while they go for extended play-days at "school", where they learn to behave like the good little menial workers most of them will grow up to be.
which is why we carefully bury ever fon submission.
Thank you, Walter Cronkite, for turning the anchor desk into a bully pulpit.
Not that he was wrong to oppose the Vietnam War, but there were better ways of turning the tide than to remove all semblance of objectivity from news reporting forever.
"Something"? That could mean almost anything.
If you are not careful, the media will have you supporting the Al Quaeda backed muslim fundamentalist revolutionaries in Syria... just like you backed them in Egypt.
If you're not careful, some moron will post something stupid in picture form on Digg and not actually add anything else because they can't think for themselves.
The irony of Anomaly posting this is that the media is trying to get people to hate the rich and love the parasitic (as opposed to the working) poor.
I'd rather see the New York Times go the way of the Dodo... they left real news behind years ago and serve  little or no purpose anymore.
Or the MSN or the CBS or NBC or FOX or... shit... life can be scary when those who make up the news also own everything including the politicians. Beware any man who tells you he has all the answers or the truth or the path to God. 

The only person I believe anymore is my dog and some day I hope to be the kind of man she thinks I am.
No, see, that's you not being careful. You've already bought the right-wing hate-the-poor bullshit.
Dear alanocu: You're a fucktard, and nobody gives a fuck what you have to say. Hence the downvotes.
Funny, I didn't mention right wing or left wing.  That was all you.

I said "The media."  So I guess you're agreeing with the general premise that the bulk of the media is left-leaning?
Everything Hitler did was legal,  signed M. L. King
It's downright disturbing me how these very words, many years since spoken, resonates with me. Should we as a people not evolved beyond such? Should we not be at the next step. Moores law states that our technology evolves exponentially but the minds of man moves so much slower.
Got the sunday times for years. Canceled them today. . Then they pushed the 99cents online sub, told them no, Times 'news' is not worth even 99 cents anymore.
Yes, he mentions right wing because it's mainly the right wing MEDIA (Fox news is "the media" as well. Well, maybe they're not media, strictly programmers, hah) spreading the hate the poor garbage. "The rich" are not getting oppressed. No matter what your "non media" is trying to program into you.
I think Occupy isnt so much worried about successful people as much as incredibly wealthy people that are tryign to get even more wealthy by screwing everyone else over. The "*boo hoo* they're trying to take away all my unbelievable wealth" rich, if you will.

I would have loved to see Malcolm X facepalm at your use of his quote. hah
Yes, because no one ever quotes anyone. Especially not academics. Academics always have original material. ALWAYSSSSSSSS.

/s bee tee dubs
Among the radio personalities syndicated by Clear Channel or aired on hundreds of stations it owns nationwide are Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Mark Levin, Glenn Beck, Michael Savage, and many others.

Rush Limbaugh works for Clear Channel Communications.
Clear Channel Communications is owned by Bain Capital.
Bain Capital: Founder(s) Mitt Romney, T. Coleman Andrews III, Eric Kriss
http://nsaneys.blogspot.com/2012/03/mitt-romney-rush-limbaugh-part-deux.html
Yes, just look at Israel vs. islam. Media has everybody believing that Israel at a population of 7 Million is the evil aggressor against 1 Billion islamists.

This considering that Israel has NEVER ONCE mentioned the destruction of ANYBODY and islamists the world over constantly call for Israel to be wiped of the face of the earth.

These same "poor" islamists that follow the teachings of a pheadophile that on his death bed called Christians and Jews pigs and monkeys and said we should all be destroyed.

These same islamists who believe that brutal rape and torture perfectly fine.
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
If you want to advertise here, FUCKING PAY FOR IT.

Now take your SLEAZY PORN and shove it up your ass.
Dogs are cool like that. I've always said that animals are more honest than people. The MSM is so propagandized in the States that I can't stand subjecting myself to it. So, I don't watch any of them.
I'd like to see the Daily Mail and NY Post with that banner as well. Hells, they should all have it.
Replace "newspapers" with "Fox News".
whatever happened to malcolm y and malcolm z ?
So?
While in comparison, someone posting an article that someone else wrote must clearly be thinking for themselves? What's the difference between that and posting a thought-provoking quote?

(And BTW, it's not the picture that's important. It's the quote.)
I think Malcolm Little was talking about the jews here...
That is unfortunately what happens though when there are only 5 major companies that own the media outlets, down from 50 in 1983.  This is unfortunately one of the costs of unfettered capitalism; they snuff out the competition to become either a monopoly or as monopolistic as possible.

This is partly why it is SO important to keep the internet uncensored.

These are topics that should be agreed upon by both cons and libs, unless of course people buy into the whole 'it's better for our national security' BS.
Agreed (possibly the only time I've agreed with you.)
It wasn't the newspapers that were raping and shitting on cop cars.
Digitally pushing piles of money from one account to another constitutes the only "doing something" you seem to care about seeing rewarded with success. 

Please pay attention to the non-political intent of this comment: 

This country's greatness wasn't birthed on Wall St., so why (would anyone) favor them over Main St.?
Dugg you, but it should be hung in EVERY media outlet's offices.
Speaking as a poor person, I actually like & respect my wealthier fellow citizens who simply choose not to play fast and loose with the rules of Democracy, social fairness and capitalism...

...THIS discussion is not about THOSE more respectable citizens. I'm sorry you can't grasp that.
Yup. All of them.
And it wasn't the resource-deficient poor & middle class who bankrupted a nation.

For a party who thinks "2nd amendment resolutions" to combat legally collected taxes is more than okay, the notion of people who've been shat on shitting on a cop car shouldn't be that lost on you.
