Great article
Was Obama wrong when he shot bin Laden in the face after accepting a Nobel Peace Prize?
That was blindingly obvious right after that follow-up attack to 9/11 that killed all those people and devastated those cities.
Having him assassinated was fine and should be applauded... torturing him would've been inhumane.
Another deflection fail.  That all you got?
Obama shot Bin Laden?

I clearly remember you going out of your way NOT to give Obama any credit for getting Bin Laden. Now you are using it to try to argue against Obama.

We all get it: he's black. you don't like it. ANY argument on ANY side, as long as you can complain about Obama.
Are you talking about Iraq?  We got some really good intel saying we needed to go there.  /S
What we knew all along.  Torture is wrong, immoral, unethical, illegal, and ineffective.  The war hawks drool about it and yearn for it, but they are patently wrong and naive.
"Critics also say that still-classified records are likely to demonstrate that harsh interrogation techniques produced far more information that proved false than true."

Which is what has been known about torture for DECADES. People will say ANYTHING to make it stop.

Yet the right wingers are still defending this bullshit. Bloodlust...
I remember a CSI a LONG time ago, like 2000 or 2001.  The punk kid of a dictator was going to get away with murder because the US was capturing people overseas, then 'renditioning' them to this kids country because "Torture is illegal in the US."

Oh, for those innocent days of yesteryear....  There this subject wasn't even debated.
WoW, how many millions were spent to find out something we already knew, good job of wasting money.
your blog is on of the best blogs. I pass. I have blog which is also containing PowerPoint I am delivering every events that count.
<a href= "http://mspowerpoint-2012.blogspot.com/">Starting PowerPoint.</a>.
your blog is really interesting
I thought it was a group of military "Seals", goodness you  are now giving Obama personal credit? (FYI:  He, being Commander in Chief, just made the decision.)
It has a tendency to give you what you want to hear. whether or not it's true. There are just better ways. Less total info, more of it useful.
Those critics are simply wrong.
Buried as Politicususa liberal blog/spam blather.  Torture works if done correctly.  Those leftist critics are simply wrong.
oooowww burn! your deductive reasoning sure put him in his place. yup, you clearly won that argument,
yes the Spanish inquisition, experts at torture, always got the truth out of people. they found loads of actual devil worshippers and witches.

people will say anything to make the torture stop, they dont care what it is as long as its what the torturer wants to hear.

besides that, as said in the article its un-American, immoral and illegal.
why do you support un american practises.
ow btw, this report came from the senate intelligence committee. which is almost 50/50 democrat/republican.

yes those terrible leftist republicans again.
Yes that's all he's got.
And there you have it folks. The far right on full display. Anything that doesn't fit the far right narrative is immediately ignored.

Willful ignorance: Destroying our country one davidniven at a time...
Note in the article though that Republicans tried desperately to not allow the information to come out.
There is a HUGE segment of the country, including the former Vice President, denying this truth.

Or don't you read?
Yes, decades of proof, documented by those doing the torture, is all wrong.

You WANT torture to be right, so by God, no evidence matters. It's not creepy enough that you ROOT for torture. No, you have to step it up by ignoring decade upon decade of documented proof torture doesn't work.

That is one seriously sick mind you have.
It's thoroughly disgusting that they would even consider this kind of study. Torture is is barbaric and illegal. It's effectiveness should not even be a consideration. I shudder to think what they would do if the study had shown that torture was effective.
Davey, Davey, Davey - 

Must be nice to be so omniscient.  
"Those critics are simply wrong."
All you have but means so little knowing you have nothing to back it
"Those critics are simply wrong."
Based on your emotional Thanatos taking control of any logic and life supporting urge you may have
"Those critics are simply wrong."
Everybody is wrong but you, it appears - as demonstrated by everything you have ever said
"Those critics are simply wrong." - the mantra of the ideologue who bases his entire existence on a lie tape looped playing constantly in his dark, tight little cave
Davey, Davey, Davey
Buried for pretense  but proving you have nothing
Wow.  It took all these years to notice we never found a single WMD in Iraq, despite going so far as to torture toddlers testicles in front of their parents to force confessions thereof?  When will they confirm that publicly bragging about those tortures on Sunday TV shows is also prima facie evidence of admitting to war crimes and prosecute the barbarians among us?  Who will protect the tender dangling bits of our own youth if we don't stand up against these monsters?  Enjoy.
Politicrazyususa...need more be said? Buried.
I'm sorry, but it's too late for the Democrats to try to dredge this issue up again.  I SMELL election season!!!

Panetta said important intelligence was gathered ... period.  End of story.

Now, you might argue that said intelligence *could possibly have* been gathered from something other than IET's but it's entirely politically motivated speculation.

EIT - done on a few top Al Qaeda netted important info.
Yes. Plenty more need be said.
Yes, but only Republicans are wrong on torture?

Does not the Bush-Obama administration continue the renditions and torture?  True, we send them to foreign jails to be tortured so as to keep our hands clean, but prisoners the coalition forces capture are nevertheless still tortured as a matter of national policy.
It doesn't matter if it works or not. If it's inhumane, we shouldn't do it. But maybe the fact it doesn't work will bring this sad episode to an end.
What annoys me is American conservatives who claim American rights are God-given, but then don't realize God probably gives those same rights to others. If it's cruel and unusual for Americans, we should recognize it's cruel and unusual for all humans.
Took these freaking morons three years to figure this out? At what cost? What is BS governmental move.
Once again David shows he's nothing but a liar.
So wait, you're telling me that a Democratic-led Senate Intelligence Committee study has confirmed that their initial point of view - that "enchanced-interrogation techniques", or as they call it, torture - was correct?

What, next you're going to tell me that those studies by Camel and Lucky show that smoking is good for your health are untrustworthy?
Meanwhile bin Laden is still dead thanks to the intel gathered that 'didn't work'.
Look, here is the deal.  We have people who lie.  They are all over digg.  And whenever you call them on their lie, they say 'citation.'  Like it's your job to disprove their lie, not their job to prove it.  And they have a well intrenched apparatus to deliver these lies to the unthinking masses.

The sad fact is, smart people have to spend a lot of time and money simply explaining the facts of reality to the stupid.

Is it a waste of money?  Yes.  Is there anyway to avoid it?  Not at the moment.  Not when when the people of this nation are so culturally ingrained to cling to their ignorance and stupidity.

The problem is cultural.  We live in a carefully, and artificially crafted culture where going to college makes you a 'snob.'  Where knowing the formula for making an angle is some how 'less' than just having cut the angle and made mistake after mistake until you've finally got it right.  O'riely is right, there is a culture war going on, but it's not between left and right - it's between smart and stupid (actually, it's between smart and smart who want to use the stupid as their power base -- the stupid themselves are just cannon fodder, un-respected by either side of the divide)

Other countries have this disease too, but only here is it so entrenched.  Only here have the stupid become the very tool of their own oppression.
dugg down as davidnivien spam blather.
bin Laden was betrayed (inadvertently) by his courier.  A person who, to my knowledge, was never captured and is still free.
You got that backward.  It's torture, or as they call it 'enhanced-interrogation techniques.'

The easiest way to spot the bullshit is the number of words.  If it takes three words to describe torture, then that is the distortion, not the other way around.

 A screw is a screw.  It's not a 'rotating plane securing unit.'
aud - it's election season... time to rile folks up again.
http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-20059831-503544.html

White House Press Secretary Jay Carney on Wednesday declined to rule out that enhanced interrogation techniques helped lead the government to Osama bin Laden.

A reporter asked Carney: "It sounds to me at the very least like what you're saying is that the interrogation techniques cannot be ruled out as a critical and necessary piece to have found bin Laden. Is that correct?"

"Now, I can't categorically rule out that one piece of information -- because we don't know," Carney responded before lauding the work of the intelligence community.
The study/report really isn't over whether it was torture or whether it wasn't, the focus was whether these activities helped with the killing of OBL.

My point is if this committee had been headed by Republicans and the report said that - lo and behold - it DID help track him down... would those on the left believe it?

Moreover, its a sad state of our trust in government that such things would be our first thoughts.  Its because our "institutions" have become so politicized that its difficult to get a straight answer or unbiased opinion.  Heck, even the CBO can be gamed because of the strict rules it has to operate under.  I think the only agency that isn't touched - and its by design - is the GAO... thank God.
No, I'm talking about the fact that despite being "wrong" on what the Democrats are labeling "torture", there hasn't been another attack, even though more were expected. (So, yes, I was being facetious in my statement.)
I'm with david on this one. Tourture is absolutly fine. It's the American thing to do. Tourture will make America the envy of the world....

Can't let the North Koreans take ALL the credit for such an amazing, enlightened method of conducting ones self.
It's not democrats labeling it torture. It's the entire civilized world including the United States, up until we needed some sort of word smithing to justify it's use. It doesn't mean that it's no longer torture.
So torture is therefore good and we should use it all the time. Next up police should be allowed to torture to extract information from high value  violent crime suspects. Do you think that should be the case? I mean think of all the lives that could be saved if you could extract confessions from murder's by using torture.

Of course looking back at mistakes that were made is never useful. I mean what about those Japanese internment camps during WWII those were a great idea why don't we forget hindsight and bring those things back. Except now we can use it on Muslims, Persians and Arabs!
Because "we don't know" should always be interpreted as "supports my particular inference"!
supporting what the majority of the world see as torture,
and calling yourself Christian at least as a means to justify your hate toward gays, women, people of other religions is an oxymoron ,
if there was such a guy as Jesus he would punch you in the face every chance he got he like likely see you as being closer to the people who nailed him so to speak.
not sure if he pulled the trigger personally
and would you feel likewise had bush been in command when he was shot ?
and should getting the nobel peace price make one act out of character ?
torture toward American prisoners of war is ok then?
or are you a hypocrite ?
I understand what you are saying, but I don't buy it.

It's like saying "A panel of people who believe the sky is blue have concluded that the sky is blue.'

Yes!  I would suspect it if they DIDN'T say the sky was blue.  I can look up and make my own judgement.  The only reason we had to waste all the money doing this is the "sky is red crowd" who simply believe what they believe, want to hold us all up because of this belief, and simply refuse to look up because that would then instantly prove they were wrong.
Yes, how dare they get scientific proof to disprove a government policy in order to attempt to stop it, especially when those pushing for it claim it works.

Then again, the people who push hard for torture also say that science doesn't work and is bullshit, so...
You mean the use of traditional investigation that had nothing to do with torture?

All the stuff Bush and his people said didn't worK?

That stuff?

Or are you pulling facts from the Rush Limbaugh show and your ass to justify your belief system.
"Panetta said important intelligence was gathered ... period. End of story."

If a government official says it, that means it's true!
"Mohammed did not reveal the names while being subjected to the simulated drowning technique known as waterboarding, former officials said. He identified them many months later under standard interrogation, they said,"
http://www.newsday.com/news/breaking/officials-detail-raid-of-bin-laden-s-compound-1.2850680
Yes. How can you not understand that?
And that torture, even defined as water-boarding, among other things, is illegal pursuant to our own federal laws
Never too late to confront the crimes against humanity committed in your name. There is no statute of limitations on war crimes.
Go ahead and condone all that torture to include the rape, beating and abuse of innocent men, women and children.  For every act of torture we commit, there is a new freedom fighter born and a new terrorist created.
Try washing that blood off, Pilate
The US has a responsibility to not torture people and respect Human Rights to justify its place in the world.  That said, if someone tied me up, put a mask over me, started pouring water over my face and told me it was Christmas, I'd probably start singing carols. That or I'd bone up.

Plenty of guys i know will pay good money to have stuff like that done to them.  Perhaps recruitment it espionage should be via fetish clubs only to avoid any allegations of wrong doing.  Assuming it isn't already..
Sure, that why i know almost all politicians are liars, if you need a study to prove this, your sorely lacking in common sense.
And you, davidniven, are a shithead.
Wow! A Democratic committee comments about the Republicans. Can't be more objective than that.
Hey, i agree with you on a lot of things, but look, here is real deal, 
We have people who lie (yes). They are mostly in the government. "Hope and Change" "Mission Accomplished" and thousands upon thousands of other statements (lies), that not just affect you, me, the country, but the entire world.

Then we have the people who actually believe this crap, or are paid to disseminate approval of these lies. (Media, Diggsters, etc..)

People should know by now that the majority of government, corporations and a certain portion of the population are corrupt to the core. If not, they are living under a rock or in denial.

"O'riely is right, there is a culture war going on, but it's not between left and right - it's between smart and stupid (actually, it's between smart and smart who want to use the stupid as their power base -- the stupid themselves are just cannon fodder, un-respected by either side of the divide)"

Yes, he is right, amazingly enough. Although, i don't think he went far enough.

The true agenda of either majority party will be the downfall of this country, Go to the conventions. I have worked a few of them. They were all littered with corruption.

The main question is, how do you stop all the corruption? No matter where it comes from.

Sign this while your at it.
http://digg.com/news/politics/aclu_sign_the_pledge_i_stand_with_the_aclu_in_fighting_the_ndaa_1
The science of torture is not in dispute and it never has been.


Torture does not work. Period.
Just the phrase Senate Intelligence Committee makes me laugh, what the fuck do they know?
" They are mostly in the government."

The percentage of people who lie is not one bit higher in the government than anywhere else.

Fatally stupid bias is the only thing that could make you continue the sentence beyond "We have people who lie".
exactly!  whether or not it works shouldn't even be a factor.  the ends don't justify the means... unless you're a conservative....
wait.. what?  torture toddler testicles?  citation needed or shenannigans shall be called.
Ok, I'm with you.  But here is where I have a problem with the way things are going.  I'm not anti-government, I'm not anti-business.  I am anti-corruption.  The founders set forth a government that, love it or hate it, is REALLY difficult to hijack.  It really is.  This is why I fear cartels or, frankly parties -- especially ones that come at all these structure with a an axe, to fix what ain't really broken (It only appears broken because it's preventing them from broad sweeping a bunch of stuff into action that they feel should be the law of the land -- but that is exactly what this government is designed to prevent!  That's not a sign of it not working, that's a sign of it working perfectly.)

So I'm not at all anti-government.  Because the government is designed to pit it's own corruption against itself.  This is why I shrug my shoulders at talk of things like the destruction of free speech (I mean, come on, here I am saying any damn thing I want to the whole world.  We have more free speech than ever!), but want to explode at things like the endless filibustering and Citizens United.  These things strike the very core of what the founders created!  Attacks on free speech or any of the amendments are rare and short lived.  As long as we don't destroy the 'self eating' nature of the system, we won't be the victim of 'fad movements.' and anything lost today can be recovered tomorrow.

Now, as for business.  There are no structure for anyone to control it...  outside the government.  So it's insane to be a 'keep regulation out' tub thumper.  If not for regulation, we will have NO power over these corporations at all, legal or otherwise.  So, I'm for improved democracy, and improved control of the individual over the structures that dominate his life: that is, government and industry.
See, we agree on a lot of things. I am not anti government either, i am, like you, anti-corrupt government, anti-corrupt business.

We may disagree on what or who is corrupt, but the underlying problem is corruption.

Corporations have contributed money, lobbied and got their way more times then either of us may ever know. I don't like corporations spending money to get politicians and judges elected. But i would not care (as much) about the political part if lobbyist, were banned, or at least controlled / limited in some way. That in itself would reduce corporation donations.

 I really don't think any company should be able to contribute in any way or form to a judges election. The judicial system is the last hope of many, and when a judges decision is possibly swayed by donations, coercion if your will, then that is unacceptable. 
Always ask for a jury trial!

There must be some control over business or you'll end up, well, like it is now.

There is more government control over an individual's life, than there is over business. And it get's worse every year. This troubles me and should be troubling for everyone in the country.

Now, the problem is, how to make most of the people in this country understand, what their doing to themselves by voting this way, a person that is corrupt or can be corrupted.

No one i ever met would honestly say they would vote to make their lives worse, but people, for some reason, keep doing it year after year.
I swear, he isn't even trying  any more.  It is either this or copy paste complaining about the source or liburals.  I think the original guy retired and the new guy is just phoning it in.
And here is David's tried and true copy pasta.
Oh, I get it! You're a troll!
You know what, that may well be true, that Liars are no more prevalent in government than anywhere else,

You know what else is true, your normal liar on the street isn't passing laws or making promises that affect your life, and the life of all in the country.

The homeless man, or the auto mechanic who lies about political policy doesn't mean jack shit, the politician who lies and does just the opposite of what they promised to do, makes a difference to everyone involved.

So now, does it make a difference who lies? or do want to continue acting stupid? I know your not, i have read too many of your comments to know that, but acting like a child, calling others stupid?? What a pussy thing to do.
Oh now, blue, control, control,....
Yeah!  We should just saw off their heads with a big knife like they do when they capture our soldiers!
Hundreds of studies prove republicans are wrong on just about everything.
The CIA and special forces with experience in the matter disagree.

And in any case, it isn't torture.

It's no different from the old truth drug treatment from the cold war. Only you don't need to give anyone a possibly dangerous drug. You just scare them.

That's all water boarding does... it causes a deep panic reaction. The point is not to get someone to spill their guts. The point is to make them unstable and chatty. Lying takes energy. Lying well takes a clear mind. If you're panicked you can still lie... you'll just lie poorly. And a skilled interrogator can tell the difference. Without some sort of stress factor the subject can be calm and collected... and it will be very hard to detect lies.


This is not controversial. It's well established fact. Torture is very different. Torture is to cause pain and suffering often for its own sake. Water boarding causes no pain. It causes panic. Not pain. And when it's done there are no lasting ill effects. No physical distress.


Waterboarding is not torture. We do it to our own soldiers to train them. Navy Seals waterboard each other. To claim waterboarding is torture is to claim US forces torture each other to train.


The argument that waterboarding is torture is merely a sad political talking point that has outlived its usefulness. You won the election and Bush isn't in office. You don't need to lie about it anymore. You don't win any more political points from it.
What annoys me is morons that don't realize Conservatives aren't saying that, the Constitution does.  AND, the Constitution outlines these for protection or enforcment of it's citizens.  We are aware that these apply, in our opinion, to all men, but we are only concerned with protections and enforcement of these for US Citizens...do you think we are supposed to be World Police????  If your God-given rights are being infringed, and you don't like it, and are not an American citizen, we gave you the UN.  Use it for something other than money laundering and extortion.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2135981/What-did-saved-American-lives-Ex-CIA-chief-defends-waterboarding-al-Qaeda-leader.html
I wonder how many of them were BRIEFED on the EIT's?  We know Pelosi was.
I am speaking about the subject of the submission.

Members of the Senate (including Pelosi) were briefed about EIT's at the time.
Unfortunately, what is even sadder is the fact that we probably wont regardless of how overwhelming the evidence is.  If we do it will only be because we continue to allow other countries to do it for us like Israel or Egypt (depending on how that situation settles).
"You know what else is true, your normal liar on the street isn't passing laws or making promises that affect your life, and the life of all in the country."

Except for the bankers. And the corporations. And the lobbyists. Etc.

The truth is that government is a tool, a lever, and it  can never be more than a symptom of the problem, not the problem itself, which is unrestrained greed and selfishness. Destroy government, or limit its power, and the rats move to corporations instead. Destroy corporations AND government, watch it move to Unions.

This problem cannot be fixed unless we address the DISEASE that is causing it. Namely, the "Fuck you, I got mine" and "anything is fair no matter how many people I hurt or kill as long as I do it for money and selfish interests" mentality of our modern society.
shenannigans are now officially called.  not on your overal point but on your comment about the torture of a toddler's testicles in front of his parents, to force confessions.  i must, in the absence of evidence, assume that this is a fiction, the point of which I can not imagine.
Stop with your facts and truthiness... rwnj's all know that the torture works, there were WMD's, Obama is a godang muslim and the world is flat... hell, these guys probably even believe  Greedo shot first!
I'm confused, twinklyjesus. How are those being tortured in Guantanamo supposed to turn to the U.N.? They are in AMERICAN hands and it is America's responsibility to treat them correctly.
Those being 'tortured' are enemy combants and are covered by the Geneva convention not the US Constitution.  Many are enemy combants taken from the battlefield in non-military garb which, according to Geneva would allow for summary execution on the battlefield as spies.  Does that strike you as a better option?
"The argument that waterboarding is torture is merely a sad political talking point that has outlived its usefulness."

When did this become true? At what point did waterboarding become not torture but a useful tool? When America decided to justify its' use? Do you think police and FBI should be allowed to waterboard to extract confessions and collect evidence about crimes?
It was never torture. If it were, our own soldiers wouldn't voluntarily submit to it and practice it on each other for training.

As to whether police should be able to do it domestically, of course not. War zones are not analogous to police actions.

Under the conditions of martial law, its fine. Within a military or war context it is also fine. As a police action it is not acceptable.

For example, you would of course be okay with a soldier shooting an enemy soldier during time of war on the battlefield. Why? Shouldn't you have a trial? Evidence? Or maybe you think the soldier should wait to be fired upon so he can shoot in self defense?

The moral and ethical rules of war bare little resemblance to the rules in civilian society during time of peace. To claim otherwise is merely to declare your ignorance.

The claim that WB is torture was always a sad political stunt that confused the ignorant.
Of course. And thousands of books about unicorns and dragons suggest that the world is apparently full of them.


When separate fiction from fact you find that most of those studies vanish.


This isn't to say democrats are right or wrong. Merely that many of these issues are subjective and there isn't actually a right answer. As a result, a better question might be why don't you let people choose for themselves rather then trying to force everyone into your system?

Clearly a lot of people don't like your ideas. Why not let those that don't like them not participate? And those that do can.

Everyone wins.

The instant you start forcing people and threatening people that don't submit you've crossed an ethical line that you can't justify.
That is beside the point. Right or wrong, we did capture them and the Geneva convention forbids torture.
I was being facetious.
"If it were, our own soldiers wouldn't voluntarily submit to it and practice it on each other for training."

Irrelevant, since you volunteer for it.

"As to whether police should be able to do it domestically, of course not. War zones are not analogous to police actions."

If it's not torture why can't police use it? Especially to save lives?

"For example, you would of course be okay with a soldier shooting an enemy soldier during time of war on the battlefield. Why? Shouldn't you have a trial? Evidence? Or maybe you think the soldier should wait to be fired upon so he can shoot in self defense?"

What does this have to do with whether or not something is torture?

"The moral and ethical rules of war bare little resemblance to the rules in civilian society during time of peace. To claim otherwise is merely to declare your ignorance."

Still irrelevant. You're trying to define torture based on it's surrounding context, in war, or not in war. Which is too ambiguous to be a definition.

"The claim that WB is torture was always a sad political stunt that confused the ignorant."

Was it a political stunt when people were tried convicted and put to death for waterboarding?

I really wish you would learn to argue instead of just saying you disagree with me so you must be ignorant.
As to the irrelevancy of it being torture because it was volunteered for... actually it's rather apt. Torture is associated with unbearable distress, barbarism, and grievous bodily harm. None of these things happen in WB. So it isn't torture as it is commonly understood.


It's like referring to people that nitpick spelling as grammar nazis. WB is about as much torture as those people are actual nazis.

WB induces a primal panic reaction. It doesn't cause pain or any lasting distress. The point is to disorient the subject.


WB is considered an improvement over the previous method which was the injection of judgment impairing drugs. That was the standard means of interrogation of enemy agents during the Cold War.

Out of curiosity, would you prefer the drug method? Choosing neither isn't an option here. I'm just curious if you had to do one or the other... which would you find less objectionable?


The irony is that WB was considered MORE humane then the drugs because the drugs carry with them certain risks. Some people have bad reactions to them and can die or get very sick. Further, you have to carry the drugs around with you and they have expiration dates. If they get old they become dangerous. WB has a lower medical risk and if I had to choose, I'd prefer to be WB then injected with sodium pentathol. But to each his own.

In any case, I'd like to know if you find the truth drugs more acceptable? If so, then we'll probably go back to them.

We're going to use something. If you know anything about interrogations it you know there is a need for something to impair the subjects ability to lie. Truth drugs is a misnomer. They don't make people tell the truth. They make them bad liars. Imagine a drunk person trying to tell you a lie... Generally not very good at it.


As to police use of these methods, because there is a presumption of innocence which does not exist in military terms.

This is civics 101.

The US military are not analogous to the US FBI. One is an adjunct of the Department of Justice and the other is an adjunct of the Department of Defense. They're totally different branches of the Federal executive with totally different rules, objectives, and priorities.

What makes sense for a police officer doesn't make sense for a soldier. Soldiers are not police officers. They're not swat teams you send to foreign countries. The Training given to US soldiers is totally different from training given to US police officers. The positions are not similar despite the fact that we keep sending our forces on "police actions"... Soldiers are first taught to kill. They are trained to be aggressive. Their training ultimately makes them excellent weapons. They are not service oriented units to order. When a police officer engages, the objective is to calm the situation, avoid anyone getting hurt, and taking control of criminal elements. When a soldier engages the objective is to kill the enemy as efficiently and thoroughly as possible.


To confuse a soldier with a police officer is to declare you know nothing about the subject. They have almost no relation to each other.

As to what the rules of war have to do with what is and is not torture. It has a relationship to your argument that if something isn't acceptable in a civilian context that it can't be right in a military context.

I pointed out that the contexts aren't interchangeable. Saying something is wrong in the civilian context so it must be wrong in the military context is stupid.

It's an argument idiots make.

I know you're not making that argument... you're not an idiot.

As to your claim that I am attempting to define it by it's context, no I am not. I am refuting your point that it would be wrong in civilian contexts so it must be wrong in military contexts.

I am pointing out that the rules are different in different contexts.

As to whether WB is torture or not, that's a different question entirely. But you are under no circumstances allowed to argue that a given act is wrong in a military context because it is wrong in a civilian context.

If that is settled and you stop bringing up the civilian context, I can stop reminding you that war is different.


As to the claim of people being put to death for waterboarding. You're referring to groups of people that did waterboarding as ONE of their forms of interrogation.

Other methods included tearing the fingernails off. bamboo shoots under the fingernails, and of course tying a man over fast growing bamboo and having the plant force its way through his body.

To say that these people were executed for waterboarding is to completely ignore everything else they were doing.

If they had ONLY waterboarded, there would be no executions and the US would not practice the act on it's own people who of course willingly submit to it as part of their training.

Think anyone would willingly submit to have bamboo shoots put under their fingernails or be tied over fast growing bamboo?


Wake up.


As to your ignorance, you're not ignorant because you disagree with me. You're ignorant because you don't know what you're talking about. That might be in my opinion and thus the whole point subjective. However, you've repeatedly shown no understanding of basic concepts which to me implies a deep and regrettably vast ignorance as it regards a great many subjects.


I'd actually like to know what you know enough about to have a valid opinion... foreign policy, philosophy, and civics are not strong subjects for you.
These guys explain it in much more exhaustive detail than I feel like doing here.

http://waterboarding.org

Waterboarding is and was illegal by the geneva conventions, international law and our very own Military Code of Conduct. Again why was is not ok then suddenly ok, you simply dismiss every other form of law and rules that bar the practice as simply being wrong because someone wrote a memo, and we train military men and women using similar but not the exact same procedure. Good job with that morale compass of yours, mighty Christian of you.
"I'd actually like to know what you know enough about to have a valid opinion... foreign policy, philosophy, and civics are not strong subjects for you."


Your opinion vs. John McCain's opinion... on the basis of your own criteria, I'll stick with McCain:


"Much of this debate is a definitional one: whether any or all of these methods constitute torture. I believe some of them do, especially waterboarding, which is a mock execution and thus an exquisite form of torture. As such, they are prohibited by American laws and values, and I oppose them."



Your knowledge and experience vs his?  No contest.
Asfinktersezwut,

So our own soldiers mock execute each other and commit war crimes on each other... willingly.


What McCain is talking about and what the US was doing were two different things.

You can call an apple an orange but it's still an apple and the orange is still an orange.


Lets get real. The actual procedure is being held down, having a blanket put over your head, and then having water poured over your face while someone possibly yells at you.


You want to call that a war crime? Bitch please.
And yet our own soldiers do it willingly to each other as part of their training.


Lets stop for a moment and just get a little reality check here.


The practice of waterboarding basically holding someone down, putting a blanket over their face, pouring water on their face, and possibly yelling while that happens.


People get too attached to words and symbology and forget the actual empirical reality.

If that's a war crime, then is a child that plays "dunk" with his brother guilty of war crimes? Technically he'd have to be...

I think there are probably multiple ways of practicing waterboarding. But as it's been described by US forces and as it's been described by those that performed it... I don't see how it can be classified as a war crime.

It puts the subject in no danger of real physical harm. It leaves no permanent damage. It is not painful or designed to cause pain.


What is exactly is your problem with it?


And assuming you're just going to be unreasonable on the subject, let me ask what we can use instead. Because we are going to do something.

Option two: Truth drugs. We have a long list of drugs that will impair judgment without impairing memory. These drugs are excellent for interrogations because the subject can answer questions but is often too confused to know how to lie properly or even to know what to lie about. This was the mainstay of these sorts of interrogations throughout the cold war.

Option three: Proxy interrogations. Effectively we fly the subject to another country where an interrogator from a different country does what has to be done while a US agent asks questions.


Of the three which do you find the most appealing?


We're going to do something. Pointblank. You might as well get over that. All complaining about it will do is make it quieter and more covert.


Waterboarding was honestly put into place because they thought it was better then the truth drugs and more convenient and less sneaky then the proxy method. But if you don't like it, we can go back to the drugs and the proxies.
The procedure used on soldiers and the ones used on prisoners was not the same. It was pointed out in the website I linked to.
"It puts the subject in no danger of real physical harm" Not true you can die from it, I say that's harm. Also torture is defined as mental pain not just physical pain. Of course you probably want to change that definition too. Maybe we should just start raping them. I mean soldiers have consensual sex all the time, what's the big deal. It does no permanent physical harm and besides war is different.

The only one being unreasonable is you, waterboarding was considered illegal for many years, decades, at what point did the world become wrong and Bush's lacky right?
I know what the procedure for water-boarding is and what it fells like, because I've had it done to me.

But I'm not arguing my life experience and knowledge against yours - I'm putting up former Republican Presidential candidate and former prisoner of war - who was tortured by the Vietnamese - against your yours. 

I really don't think there is much of a contest there.. 

Finally, I would prefer that you do not refer to me as "bitch" again; please keep a civil discourse.
But the discrepency is, waterboarding has never been officially defined as torture by the geneva convention.
What discrepancy, twinklyjesus? The Geneva convention never defines ANY form of torture. It simply bans torture in general. My point is that we would consider it cruel and unusual against an American, so it is cruel and unusual, period.
Did US forces kill anyone with waterboarding? It's actually hard to kill someone with waterboarding unless you want to kill them. It takes about four minutes depending on various factors for the brain to die from oxygen starvation. Waterboarding is typically done with a bucket. How long can you pour water out of a bucket before there is no water left in the bucket? Is it more or less then 4 minutes?

Can you kill someone with it? Yes. You can kill someone with a number 2 pencil... ask the Joker... it's a good trick. But you would have to deny someone oxygen for several minutes and make no real effort to revive them to kill them. I'm excluding people that have health conditions that might be borderline. You can of course have a heart attack or something of that nature. But generally, if done on a healthy person it is hard to kill them with this practice unless you wanted to kill them.

You can die from a ham sandwich.

As to sex versus rape, that's an interesting argument.


So you're saying US soldiers should be able to do nothing to an enemy without their consent?

What if they don't want to be imprisoned? That would be kidnapping in civilian society. And of course shooting people is not allowed because that would be murder.


Make sense.


As to what is and is not considered legal... I'm not sure, I think I asked what you'd rather us do... I'll list the options again.


1. Waterboarding.


2. Truth Drugs.


3. Proxy interrogators in other countries that will do it for us while a US agent watches and asks questions.



Choose.

I'm happy to accept more options but they have to get us the information. If your answer is stick them in a box and wait... that isn't acceptable. Any agreement that we'll do that will be a lie. At this point, we're making heavy use of proxies for interrogation. Before waterboarding we used truth drugs. We shifted to waterboarding because its safer. Some people have a bad reaction to the drugs and die. Waterboarding tends to kill no one unless you want to kill them... which since we want the information, we don't want them dead... yet.
I will grant you that there was apparently a difference between the training and the actual application.

It hadn't occurred to me that they would be that different.


That said, unfortunately we have an imperative to get the information.


I don't like any of these tactics... I don't like war. I don't like any of this stuff. But at a certain point we run out of options.

Going the high road might seem noble and for most people that's probably a good idea. But nations have more at risk then any one person. At a certain point you just don't have the choice. You need to know.


Here's an old moral argument... just curious what your thinking is on it because it clarifies my thinking on the matter.


Lets say there is a nuclear bomb in the middle of a major city... you know where I'm going with this already right? Well, lets say you have the guy that put it there. And he wants to die. And he wants to take you with him.

Do you give him a sandwich and ask him nicely to tell you where the bomb is that might kill millions of people or do you take the information from him?


My preference is probably for the drugs since I understand them better. I'd dose him and then once he was giggling... I'd ask questions. Theoretically he should be less inhibited and show poor judgment. That should make it easy to detect lies and possible that he'll reveal critical information without realizing it.


I can't justify simply doing nothing. If that means I'm a bad person, so be it. It's a small price to pay.
