This lays the groundwork for "catching" the terrorists, so the feds can boast of all of their work and show results, which ostensibly justifies their jobs. 
If we cut the federal enforcement payroll by about half, maybe we wouldn't have so many U.S. citizens being watched, our every communication recorded, and the TSA groping our genitals when we try to travel.
The U.S. government is way out of control.
Speaking of the TSA, we've had too many negative stories about them in the last 2 weeks.  About time for them to "foil" a terrorist plot so we won't doubt them for a while.
The FBI's been doing nefarious shit like this for years.  It's how they justify their existence and constant need for more funding.  They used to call it cointelpro but said they stopped doing that back in the early 70's after the whole FBI/Bill Ayers' Weather Underground debacle took place.  I mean how else do you think it's possible for a man like Ayers to walk after being directly linked to the bombings of the Pentagon, the Capital and the NYPD HQ building?
"These iPads i've been stealing I was doing for your protection. Look at all the C4 in this bad boy! You're welcome America." -TSA Agent
I have seen comments before on digg of people wishing conspiracy theorists to be put in the concentration camps they speak of and for them to all die. Lol FBI should set up a sting for that.
Not only that private security outperforms the TSA because they can be fired for poor performance and grouping people.
Those drugs aren't going to run themselves...
http://gadgethello.blogspot.com/
was it the fizzled shoe bomber or the fizzled underpants bomber that were seen on airport videos escorted to the plane boarding by men in suits?
kind of get the feeling one or both of these guys were stings
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
lnstead of doing the kind of stings like the police do to go after people who steal cars, or want to murder their spouse..the FBI should offer rewards for info. Instead of doing expensive stuff like the gunrunner sting offer rewards for the sourse of guns to mexico. Use GPS to track stuff

If they would polygrapgh their border guards they will find the ones who let smugglers pass. Quit letting diplomats and politicans bypass searches too.

The bigger they grow the more the department wants to spend their funds to keep the jobs going, they create the crimes themself.
So the terrorists that did 9-11 were hoaxed into it?
I'd love to see what would happen to a private investigative business for doing something like this. They'd be criminally convicted and put into a Federal dungeon. Meanwhile, the government gods at the FBI do it frequently and are hailed as our saviors.
