Unions don't care. The Democrats don't care.
Government workers need to go to 401k the same as 90 percent of private enterprise.
I agree; but, I would like to have the freedom of putting that money into an IRA type fund rather than a 401K, I don't know of any employers who offer that alternative. It is too easy to loose that money in the stock market which is where they invest that money. If you get close to retirement and the market drops, you are out of luck because you don't have the time to rebuild it.
They all give four choices ranging from very safe bonds to high risk stocks, so you can decide your level of risk.  IRA's are individual retirement funds, so that wouldn't work out tax wise.  People that are close to retirement should be switching to bond funds but many don't.  Most peoples 401k were back up from the crash of 2008 to what they were earlier by 2010,  so even a severe crash like that generally takes 2 years to replete.  That's not that long when talking about retirement accounts.
Thanks for the info but I still would like the option to just save it and let it just build interest and not be in stocks or bonds. As it is, I don't have that option which makes me feel vulnerable. My parents were of the depression era and I guess I inherited their mistrust of the stock market.
I guess I know what you mean.  I started out mistrusting them but ended up routinely trading individual stocks.  I have two stock market accounts.   It's something I can use my love for reading the news for.   
Banks don't pay much interest now days.  My parents were depression era also, but it didn't seem to keep them from overspending in my mind.  I'm pretty careful and keep things paid for.  If I can't afford something new, I buy something used.  If I get something paid for, it stays paid for.  For retirement though, I take educated risks.  I'd rather do it myself than have someone do it for me.  I know where it is and if I make a mistake, it's my fault.  I have an IRA, though.  I had to roll it over when the factory I worked for got sold off.  I'm with you in that I don't like people telling me what to do with my money, even if it's giving me 4 choices.  When I had a 401k, though, it did well and I'm glad I had it.  I had the sense to take advantage of it.  I knew many that didn't and I'm guessing they regret it.
