Self-defense is going mainstream--the anti-gun cud-chewers HATE it:

http://daysofourtrailers.blogspot.com/2012/04/woolrich-hate-fest-begins.html

Which is, of course, just one more reason for decent Americans to celebrate it.
Paranoid fear is going mainstream - the impotent gun-toters  REACT to it without COMPREHENDING it is just  their own psychosis and immaturity

Which is, of course, just one more reason for sane Americans to stand against the stupidity, bigotry, hate, fear and willful ignorance exhibited by them and against the commercialization that promotes it
"But although gun owners say they want 'maximum uncertainty' on the part of any would-be assailant, weapons experts have found inconclusive evidence that such tactics actually reduce crime"

I'm not trying to reduce crime, I'm trying to ensure if crime happens to me that I have an effective method for responding to it.
Me needing to protect myself makes me stupid, eh?  I live in a tough neighborhood in Roxbury. Had a break-in a few months ago, 2 murders on my street in the past 2 years, a stabbing on the street over....so look, not all of us live your life of privilege and a danger-free existence, girlfriend.

If I want to wear my concealed-carry pajamas to bed because I am concerned for mine and my boyfriend's safety, then I will damn well do it.

And if that makes my stupid and hateful, then honey, you can just deal with it. Because my Spiderman Underoos are armed.  And this Fruit of the Loom don't mess around.
"...the anti-gun cud-chewers..."

And that's how we know you can't carry a civil conversation.
Alan just made you look like an asshole.
"And that's how we know you can't carry a civil conversation."

Oh--I COULD carry on a civil conversation, but why the hell would I want to pretend that such bed-wetting crybabies are worthy of the respect of a civil conversation?
So you're hateful, big surprise.
Why not, fear is big business.
Exactly. Some people like to say that it would reduce crime. Maybe it will, maybe it won't. The only reason I'm going to get a permit is for my own protection. And if I'm ever in a situation where I can prevent a crime happening to someone else; Then that'll be nice too.  Hopefully I won't ever have to draw my weapon.
Some might call it "hateful."   I call it too honest to hide my contempt for the surpassingly contemptible.
so now you can not only live in fear, but you can look good doing it too!
I want a cc permit just so I can go out and shoot peopl at random, can anyone tell me, just what state random is in?
Move to the other side of 93?
Ah the glen becking of america..
Wow that site was bad.  Pop ups everywhere and it was hard to even find pics.
exactly I don't think pulling it out in a crowded area to try and stop a bad situation is a good idea. Truth be told even with a gun on you it doesn't mean your going to save the day in most cases the criminal is on edge and will probably end up shooting you while you are trying to draw your gun chamber a round and then try and shoot them. That is why I don't carry, that and places that do not allow open carry as well as conceal carry are on the rise. If they step through my door uninvited with intent to do harm to my family or me would be different. First sign of aggression then Mr. Glock or Dr. Kalishnikov steps in to readjust their attitude. But if at all possible I dont want to use them on a person
goto the police station and tell them that they will set you up with one.
these have been out for years just goto a gun show they have tons of this stuff
Big word usage fail.
"But although gun owners say they want 'maximum uncertainty' on the part of any would-be assailant, weapons experts have found inconclusive evidence that such tactics actually reduce crime."

I'm not sure how many people actually get their CCW permit for that reason. I'm not even sure I've talked to anyone who has concealed because they think it's going to cause uncertainty in the would-be assailant. I, like most everyone I know, conceal because I don't want to draw attention to myself and raise alarm in public by open carrying. A lot of people get nervous and uncomfortable and call the cops on you when you open carry. Should I care what those people think? Honestly, no, but having the cops come ("to check and make sure you don't have any felonies and are legal to own a firearm") every time you go anywhere is annoying.

So, I like the CCW clothes idea. It was only a matter of time before someone capitalized on the hole in that market. There are a lot of people who just don't want to shake things up in public by open carrying.
You talking to me?
You talking to me?

You must be talking to me...I'm the only one here,

You talking to me?
Some of these are VERY clever.
@cosmic - Can you explain, please, why my exercising my right to self defense is "stupid"?

I believe it to be immoral--and I use that word with precision--for a person or a nation to be deliberately defenseless.
"[...] the criminal is on edge and will probably end up shooting you while you are trying to draw your gun chamber a round and then try and shoot them."

Most people carry with a round already chambered. Of course, let's HOPE they all have the common sense to have the gun in a pocket holster, inside the waste band holster, ankle holster, etc., so that the trigger is guarded and you don't have any incidents of accidental firing. I've seen some people who can draw from one of those holsters faster than you can blink an eye. Vid from hickok45 demonstrating this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gjUknHqvGY

"[...] places that do not allow open carry as well as conceal carry are on the rise."

By law, whether it's public or private property, unless it's a school or government building, you can still open or concealed carry anywhere, even if they have a sign posted saying that you can't. The only thing they can do is ask you to leave, and if they do, by law you do have to leave then. Even if they call the cops without saying anything or asking you to leave, all the cops can do is ask you to leave on their behalf. You only have a problem if you refuse to leave.

TheYankeeMarshal talking about carrying on posted property: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJsZPOcLlN8

That said, if you are concealed carrying, it shouldn't be a problem because no one should know that you have it on you anyway. Unless the gun is printing through your clothing, which is why this clothing line is coming out.

Retired detective talking about why you should carry: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1IKeyTvakA

"But if at all possible I dont want to use them on a person"

Agreed, now here's a vid about how George Zimmerman SHOULD have handled the situation he was in: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bu5RJEg3PZ0
I'm a jeans and T-shirt kind of guy, which makes concealing hard.  I used to carry a little 22mag revolver but switched to a Kel-tec PF9 a few years ago.  It's thin enough to conceal or ankle carry but gives a little more fire power than my old NAA belly gun.
Dude, I'm not impotent.  Just ask your mom.
Man, I'm a long time CCL holder and even I think you come off like an ass.  You don't help our case.
fuck george and treyvon that has nothing to do with this.  and if you would look around it does not count just hospitals schools and government buildings alot of places in big cities are changing it around. When you conceal or open carry it is illegal to bullets in the gun let alone a chambered round. if someone is carrying a glock a chambered round could be dangerous thats just common sense. I have had cops come up to me and ask to check the gun if the cop is well versed in gun laws he will tell you that it is illegal to carry a loaded weapon
at least if you are carrying one in a public place with in city limits.
Reduce crime?
The proliferation of guns in the US is clearly a disaster in terms of armed crime and harm to people. This pretence is nothing more than greed and egotism.
Imagine everyone you know through all of the emotional chaos throughout their lives - having a gun.
It's escalation, and God Bless America - you need it.
"You don't help our case."

Hmm--I "don't help OUR case"?  That would imply that we share a case.  I am unconvinced.

I share very little, if anything, with those who insist I deal politely with anti-self-defense herbivores.

Fuck that.  I don't intend to hide my contempt for them, or for those who want me to hide it.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I'm pretty sure that anyone carrying a gun, isn't living in fear of anything.
"it does not count just hospitals schools and government buildings"

Yes it does only count in those places, but it can vary by state/local law.

"When you conceal or open carry it is illegal to bullets in the gun let alone a chambered round."

You need to look at the laws again. What would be the point in carrying at all if you can't have the gun loaded? You absolutely can have it loaded AND chambered. Get some education on the laws.

" I have had cops come up to me and ask to check the gun if the cop is well versed in gun laws he will tell you that it is illegal to carry a loaded weapon"

Either you're full of shit, or the cops were.
Also, walking around with a gun like it's the wild west is a fucking ridiculous thing to do.
You seem like the type of person who inevitably ends up shooting himself in the leg.
Americans are ridiculous.
Unless you're secretly anti-gun and trying to fuel bigotry and hatred towards CCL holders, then you're not helping your own cause buddy.
I don't carry a gun because I live in fear I carry a gun because violent crimes happen and I would rather be able to live through it rather than be killed or seriously injured. I have defended myself I have just been lucky that I never needed a weapon. Until you have been assaulted and been unable to do anything you will never understand. "Only a warrior chooses pacifism; others are condemned to it." Guns save lives and do they make the weak strong. If people were still carrying swords I would be carrying a sword. Violent crimes happen gun or no gun. When I was in tech school a kid from the school was stabbed to death over $20.
the fact that they have to carry a gun shows the amount of fear they live in.
florida
Well said roger
If nothing else it makes FL a much more polite place.
I live in Florida. And last I checked, I couldn't go shooting people at random.
if there are no witnesses and you kill them first you sure can!
I admit it, you ARE right.  We don't share much in common.  I'm a level minded individual who chooses to carry a gun for protection.  You are an angry moron who will most likely do something with a gun at some point that jeopardizes my freedom to carry.   You should not have a gun.  The fact that you do makes me glad I do as well.
Trefitch, what an original arguement.  "You aren't a radical right wing nut so you must be lying about owning a gun."  Classic.  If you can't beat them with logic, try and alienate and disavow.  If it matters to you read all my posts through the years.  My stance on guns is clear and I have discussed my ownership and various weapons many times.  Inevitably one of two things happen.  A left wing nutbag claims I'm a NRA shill trying to sound moderate or a right wing nut claims I'm an anti-gun nut running "false flag operation" .  I love it, you people actually talk like that.

  The truth is I'm an average gun owner.  People like you feel the need to be loud because it is the only way for a minority basket case to be heard.
