In TN, they want to give Christian's "the right to bully any gay", seems only fair to curse them back.  But then... WWJD? (be kind to all)
While I respect Dan Savage for his defense of the LGBT community, being a bigot who hates on everyone else who doesn't share his opinions makes him a far greater douchebag than "Frothy" Santorum.
Damn, you are one fucked up individual. Seek professional help
Those kids who got up and left did the right thing. Dan Savage is lowlife bigoted scumbag. I certainly wouldn't stick around and listen to the vomit this nut bag has to spew.
Trading one hate for another hate doesn't seem all honest.
These are the kind of people that are allowed to talk to the kids in this country and we wonder why there is so much dysfunction. 

Bullying is a really serious problem in this world, and should be dealt with where all children are protected from harrassment. 

When I was a kid every classroom had a verse hanging on the wall. DO UNTO OTHERS AS YOU WOULD HAVE THEM DO UNTO YOU. It was taught and it was expected to be followed.
So you believe two wrongs make it right?
Haters gotta hate...and the intolerance of the Left for conservative Christians is as puzzling as it is legendary.
WWJC is offensive?
Just a proposed piece of legislation in TN, if one bullies based on faith, no problem.  I personally find that legislation as " Please do use religion: to bully 101 lessons".
It is not about right vs wrong, being a bully is bad behavior period.  Stop it all.  There is no "good bully" and no good reason to bully ever.  Obviously, I don't curse people either.  I do curse items, legislation, and rocks a lot, not people personally. Please note the last phrase.
WWJD?  No place did he ever bully.
He does have a point though. Religion has been a bad factor in alot of things and the fact that people use religion to ridicule others is kind of sick but this is the mentality that is taught through religion. When everything is predetermined for you. There for if you have a preacher that preaches against homosexuality every sunday  and the parents also reflect these views you have a kid that is willing to torment every homosexual he runs into because to him he was taught they were an abomination. I always understood jesus and god as kind caring beings. Jesus would have hung out with the hookers and homosexuals because everybody was equal to him in one sense or another. That is just one more thing wrong with this country people have lost all common sense and are easy to persuade into thinking and believing in certain ways and when you have something that is used like the bible is then something like this is to be expected.
Whether it be religion or a political leaning, there will always be those who read it differently, in fact in most cases. 
The problem is that preachers do not explain why the Bible says homosexuality was such a great sin. 
In the beginning a man MUST be born again of woman and there were many souls who needed to be born again. So that homosexuality was a great sin since no child would be produced from such a relationship. 
Are we now past that? I don't know. 
I do know however it is not for us to make judgement of ones worthiness or lack of. God will make those decisions.
Having said that, many people are not so much homophobes as they are just plain uncomfortable with such relationships and find it difficult to be around any demonstration of affection. 
Religion is not to blame for this though, it is the people who do not study the Word for themselves, but take the word of another.
Im missing the part where he cursed them.

u2Fail.....im on your side here.  I applaud savage.
Im still conservative, because all along I've ignored conservative social ideals that are stupid, and based on nothing.


I thought Savage was incredibly polite considering the abrupt IMPOLITENESS from the audience.

Also, considering it was a Jouranlism audience, im Doubly Appalled.


You know why I hate the MSM, and I have the focus being ONLY on Fox?  Because of these kids.  The Journalists, hearing that AGW may NOT be man made, do the same thing.

This childish, 'walking out' attitude applies FAR BEYOND the christians.

Problem #1 today, because of the nasty, awful, backwards trend in society it'll breed.

The people like Us, Diggers, smart enough to go out there and look for articles, Comment, Debate....
People like US are dying.  The Idiots will soon have control.  They already have more control tha tyou think.

Like me or not, I dont run away from different thought. 

These kids are just pathetic.


Anyone who cannot respect someone enough to sit silently through something disaggreable, deserves no Human consideration in return.
The earth has enough citizens already, it seems.
I am glad they left too, hope they would leave if the other side was spouting off too, the problem is "tolerance for others".  Not who can be worse.  It does seem ugly just gets more ugly.
Puzzling?  I would say their intolerance just lead to more intolerance.
Interesting post.  I do agree, that "intolerance is creating far more intolerance."  It is the only item clear to me.  I don't disagree with leaving, if you have no reasonable alternative, just walk away.  He was not that ugly, just making a point.  I however refrain from cussing people, just items and ideas.  I think that is where the problem is.  Is it personal?  And why is it personal, we can disagree and still talk.  Civil Law is different from any and all church ideology: Constitution.
Civil Law is different from any and all church ideology: Constitution.

Exactly!  Which is why, on this point, I agree with someone I politically dont agree with.



"I don't disagree with leaving, if you have no reasonable alternative, just walk away"
My only comment to that is 'Common Politeness".  
You're right, at the end of the day, ignorance is better than violence.

If we want to to grow, however, politeness IS important.
can't argue with that.
I did not write of approve of the legislation.  I can't keep up with the "intolerance of the TN GOP.  I was simply stating a fact.
Legislation can be shot down by the public who elected the legislature.  It does not justify bigotry and hatred - no matter how popular it is to bash on bible thumpers.  In fact, this double standard nullifies the message of treating LGBT people with respect by denying others the same respect.  It's called taking the high road.
Legislation can be shot down by the public who elected the legislature.  It does not justify bigotry and hatred - no matter how popular it is to bash on bible thumpers.  In fact, this double standard nullifies the message of treating LGBT people with respect by denying others the same respect.  It's called taking the high road.
