Freedom of speech I suppose but egads.
I like her take on burning the koran.


Barnhardt-Graham-Part1                  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qeyrp-V3Jvc  
Barnhardt-Graham-Part2       http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LCLDjPNpf4
Matthew 5: 43-48
Not "freedom of speech" but deliberately inciting violence which is Hate Speech.  This "man of God" should be arrested, tried and convicted.
Some people just want to see the world burn.
I find I have three copies of good King James on my shelf.  Who needs even one?  Going to find out how those thin pages work as toilet paper starting tonight.
Bitch be a little angry.  LOL.
Anger is easier to the low cultured.  They aren't really Christian, they are just 'us.'  When you have an 'us' there has to be a 'they' to hate.

Small concepts for inferior minds.
Good-the KJV is a piece of trash anyways. Any solid English-speaking Christian would use the Douay-Rheims. Even predates the KJV too.
After a lot of research the one I read was the Jerusalem Bible.  There is no 'good' version in English, but a lot of linguistic and paleontology professors I talked to at the time agreed that it was the closest to the original in both style and wording.  The down side (I'm told) is parts of it were 'double translated.'  From the original Greek and Hebrew to French, then English.
A lot of the 'double translation' is merely to cross-reference with various texts and translations that have at times become the understood norm. For example, the Lord's prayer doesn't translate to "who art in heaven", but to "which art in heaven". However since both are not in contradiction to each other, the more recognized version is used. I'm not certain about the Jerusalem Bible, though that is a fantastic translation. Incidentally, J.R.R. Tolkien himself translated the book of Jonah for that bible.
http://digg.com/newsbar/topnews/first_intel_smartphone_in_shops_1 
The Great Story Of The Day
Right there you have written a detail where the separation of church and state comes in. In a Democracy we are judged individually. But those that belong to a church are representing them all, especially the one running it. Is it strange that they use a 'secular' law to get away with anything but use 'religion' as an excuse and their priority is money?
Exactly.  Religion (or any kind of social dogma, for that matter) is an easy power base.  If you have a dogma, a 'Hitler' will present himself to exploit it.  It's like creating an economy with a currency of social destruction.
They fooled even the elect....really does look like the signs of the end times in Revelation if enough of them don't repent and try to make amends.
