this actually couldn't have surprised anyone right?  i've always thought it was a stretch to seriously consider that it was likely.
If you are bored go to http://beingbored.net
Somewhat old news. We've been seeing articles about XNA for the past month or so now.
But you gotta love it because it is a theory it can be tweaked in many different ways. We wont know for sure till we have made contact and for some odd reason I don't think they would take kindly to us cutting one up just to clarify what some guy came up with.
How are you going to tell the ETs from Angels and demons?
it kind of amazing the number of people that don't think the alien go to some other star system we are the martians war of the worlds thing through.
I am a molecular biologist and this is really not new, nor does it mean it would ever lead to life as many think of it, nor does it rule out that there are other mechanisms at play for passing "genetic" information from one organism to another within the framework of extra-terrestrial life; saying XNA could be at play is one thing but ruling out completely different mechanisms would be naive. Still a cool finding to say the least within the synthetic realm.
I still say it is all up in the air you very well could be right as much as you could be wrong we may never know.
Saying it's not based on DNA or RNA is false.  Using alternative nucleic acids just makes them incompatible with normal DNA.  It's still DNA and can be used as such.  What remains to be seen is why these alternate nucleic acids failed to be incorporated into the evolutionary process billions of years ago.
Agree! There can be an infinite number of structural mechanisms that could sustain the basic cyclic principles of life... thinking otherwise would be just naive!
your blog is on of the best blogs. I pass. I have blog which is also containing PowerPoint I am delivering every events that count.
<a href= "http://mspowerpoint-2012.blogspot.com/">Starting PowerPoint.</a>.
who knows what???? not everywhere would work like earth???and thats alot of places in space ALOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Does anyone use grammar check anymore when publishing anything to the web?  With such a big error in the first line...screw reading the rest.
...our evolutionary process.
I was reading the Bible this morning and although they may not be Angels and demons, they may be highly intelligent Beings from other planets. I will put the scriptures here that indicate that.
I Corinthians 15: 38-41
38But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to every seed his own body.

 39All flesh is not the same flesh: but there is one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of beasts, another of fishes, and another of birds.

 40There are also celestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: but the glory of the celestial is one, and the glory of the terrestrial is another.

 41There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star differeth from another star in glory.

(And that is a bit of science concerning GOD.)
ETs will be real; angels and demons will continue to be fictional.
Bible worship is not science.
I'm not sure what you mean. DNA is a molecule. If something is not DNA...it's not DNA.
What are you calling the worship of the Bible? And the creation of life from a living Being is just as scientific as it can ever be. Science is even mentioned in the Bible about believers. Looks like you know nothing about the subject....or do you just not like honesty?
1 Timothy 6:20
O Timothy, keep that which is committed to thy trust, avoiding profane and vain babblings, and oppositions of science falsely so called:
Daniel 1:4
Children in whom was no blemish, but well favoured, and skilful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding science, and such as had ability in them to stand in the king's palace, and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans.
What I don't like is someone quoting a book and calling it science concerning a god. Sounds like worship to me.
That is scripture, not science. Do people really think that unfounded, subjective, pseudo-metaphysical statements equate with genuine scientific data now?
Sort of. DNA and RNA are acronyms for combinations very specific chemicals. If life existed on other planets that used different chemicals for life, it would be silly to call it DNA. It may serve the same purpose as DNA, but it could be an entirely different chemical.
naw. i think its up in the air...  way up in the air.   all that needs to happen is a certain chemistry has to consistently pass information from one individual to another.  i suppose our construct of individual and offspring may be wrong as well.   there are  billions of different sets of conditions and RNA/DNA are stable in a few.  what about life in an intergalactic cloud?  or a planet that it rains iron...  or titan...  

the thought of it having to be like ours is a little presumptuous i think...  :)
You're wasting your breath and persecuting logic with that thought. You are not even for science alone when you deny that there ARE scientists who are believers.
Good enough. Thanks for the persecution. I get blessings out of that. In Jesus' name. Amen.
You're welcome to the persecution, so long as you consider ancient myths to be science. I also point out to people when they're about to step in a puddle, or thinking about a problem incorrectly, as I would want them to do for me.
Science doesn't make it impossible to believe in gods, it just makes it possible not to believe in any gods. The fact that there are scientists who believe in things not supported by science is irrelevant. If anything, it's more to the point that some people are indeed unreasonable beyond anyone's control, as their beliefs will not change under any circumstances.
"You are not even for science alone when you deny that there ARE scientists who are believers."

I never said that though. Where did I say that it's impossible for scientists to believe in God(s)? Stop being a malicious liar. 

What I said was that scripture is not science, which is entirely accurate. You don't see scientists putting biblical quotes in their scientific papers to explain their findings, do you? Of course not.
DNA means Deoxyribonucleic acid.  Using alternate nucleic acids to build the DNA doesn't make it any less DNA.
So you do not see the lives of pagans that refused GOD and worship 'gods'? In fact; I suspect that the 'gods' they worshiped were the Nephilims, fallen angels whose arrogance and rejection of GOD and the laws He commanded them were broken. So their egos must have been stroked being called a 'god'.
Duh. You don't get it or you don't want to. Which one? There are believers who even work in science. Are you talking trash about THEM?
Perhaps it's only the hybrids of the ETs that evolve. Our nation of people are either being mixed with other world DNA or we are devolving and dissolving in immoral evil.
Really man, what is it do you want? Do you not believe Time exists and want some or what? Do you believe there has been a past history for all of us or are we living in a movie that deletes all history?
I'm not sure what you're saying or asking.
I want you to take everything into account, not just the stories that make you feel good. We've learned quite a lot since the time the Bible was written/compiled.
Are you illiterate? I'm not talking about the scientists themselves at all. I'm letting you know that citing scripture is not science, that's it. You're the one whose too stupid to understand that mind-bogglingly simple concept.
