Since most people don't look at the articles (and this is just a table): the answer is YES. Our health care costs are more than the next two highest countries COMBINED, plus about half of the third highest.
We're number one!
We're number one
Health care costs will continue to rise as long as consumers are insensitive to the price of care and doctors/hospitals don't compete on price for business. 

No doubt health care is screwed up in America but it's BECAUSE of so much Government intervention.
We have to be number one in everything right?
only in america, the dentist opens your mouth sticks his machines in there then ask you if you have insurance. then tells you he accepts cash also.
Just another area where our "free market" economy has been jury rigged against us the consumer, so we have little to no choices, and thus no free market.  Another area is Internet access and we are 22nd in the world their, while lining government officials, and TElco pockets.
That's not the 'cost' of health insurance. That's how much of the cost is paid for by the recipient. For example you know that the UK health system is heavily subsidized by using tax money so that should be counted in the 'cost' calculation.
Not sure where the Australian figures come from.  You can get top private insurance plus extras for a family for $2500 ... this article is meant to be about basic health insurance.

Billycans77
I believe this article includes public health insurance costs when applicable, but I am not certain.
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
Tell that to Canada who pays about 85% less than us for a comparable plan.

Yeah, other than that you are right. /s
The solution, abolish the insurance companies. They're the one breaking the free market system and increase prices.
But no, we are going to force every single person to pay insurance companies money, or be fined. How would that make sense?
Or go back to catastrophic insurance only, similar to car insurance.  If insurance wasn't covering everything from a hang nail to cancer our overall costs would likely be lower.
Exactly, it's the same reason vet costs are going up so quickly... it's becoming the norm to buy pet insurance.
Health insurance is not health care. Two very different things.
you can add those, and the UK would end up somewhere simular to Austria. 

you would still be left with the fact the US spends twice as much of its GDP on healthcare then every other developed nation while they get simular results and are able to cover all of their inhabitants.
then how come countries with MORE government intervention are paying FAR less.
the US spends 12% of its GDP on healthcare.
other developed nations spend 6.

so not looking much better for the US  there either.
Wow! The U.S. should really do something about that.... LOL
And yet everyone wants to come to the US for actual "health care". Their socialized "health coverage" is not so good at "health care".
the chart is misleading. can anyone really look at the cost per person for healthcare in the us ($5,429) on this chart, and then look at the cost per person for china ($63) in this chart, and say with a straight face that this isn't pushing an agenda?

there are alot of factors being left out. the cost of living in an area will greatly impact how much hospital staff makes, which will in turn impact how much that hospital charges for service, which will translate in a huge effect on how much the insurance costs. the us has a much higher standard of living with higher living costs, so a 1:1 comparison of what is being spent is pretty meaningless.

aside from the fact that finances are much more complicated than this meaningless chart lets on, it also ignores quality of care. if any diggers would rather get their medical care from a chinese or philipino hospital, be my guest. i for one would much rather take the quality that the american health care system provides. we might pay more, but we get what we pay for.
because they are receiving FAR less as well
Health insurance in the US is VERY screwed up because the politicians have done so much meddling.  For-profit hospitals are forced to put up signs that say "You will not be denied coverage regardless of your inability to pay".  Ever seen a sign like that at Wal-Mart of McDonalds?  

Canada has great health care for those that don't need anything fast.  A Canadian co-worker of mine canceled a vacation because "that's when they could get his wife in for an MRI".  O......her disease wouldn't have spread nearly as much as it did in those 4 months while she was waiting for one.  

Gratefully many Canadians can (and do) cross over into the USA when they have something important that they need that their own system can't get them in for.  Of course this is only available to Canadians who are relatively well off.  

My friend is a cancer doc.  He told a Brit that he was going to die in a month (which he did).  He'd been to see the doctors in the UK 4 times and every time they sent him out the door with Tylenol.  He was killed by the Free health care of the UK.  By the way, he was blown away that he could get an appointment with a specialist in 3 days.  He'd be alive today had he flown across the ocean a year ago to get some blood work and imaging done here. 

When providers compete you get better care for a lower price.  Right now providers do NOT compete so you still get great care, but at a very very high price.
see above.
It's been hijacked by the politicians.  There hasn't been a free market for health care in the US for several decades now.
Nope, it's not the insurance companies.  It's the politicians who have tied the hands of the market in a dozen different ways and then they point to the fact that "the market has failed".  

Guess what.......If we make it so that McDonalds MUST give away free food to anyone who claims to be hungry but doesn't feel like paying for it, prices will steadily rise and eventually they'll go out of business.  That's what we've done to health care.
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/post/why-an-mri-costs-1080-in-america-and-280-in-france/2011/08/25/gIQAVHztoR_blog.html?tid=pm_pop

"unlike in other countries, sellers of health-care services in America have considerable power to set prices, and so they set them quite high."
What makes you lie so much?
You don't seem to understand, do you?
Irrelevant...we are talking about aggregates not personal experience (which you probably made up anyway)...net effect shows the US is 38th, far behind countries with socialized medicine and/or greater access for all their citizens.  That's the bottom line...http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy...the proof of care (or lack there of) is in the numbers....pay less and live longer healthier lives.
hibby? more like hill billy.
"And yet everyone wants to come to the US for actual "health care".

No they don't.
Sure, like cat scans that aren't needed, drugs that aren't needed, x-rays that aren't needed...how many times do people go to the Doctor in the US and have an x-ray before even seeing the Doctor...this often makes no sense...some Doctors here game the system with the insurance companies for profit...the for profit part is not for your health.
Free markets alone don't work for health insurance...that's why other countries have some kind of socialized or hybrid solution...it's not because they don't understand the economics.
The alternative that you are offering is that we end Reagan's Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act and just let people who are sick die in the streets?  Why do you want the United States to be a 3rd world country?
Well maybe not if you live in Cuba or North Korea.  Their citizens don't travel much.
Health care costs will continue to rise as long as giant corporations continue to make ridiculous profits off of people being sick.  The "private" system we have now has no incentive to save money by helping people become well and stay well.  My doctor makes a hell of a lot money off of me if I let my diet go out of control and contract type II diabetes than if I hit the gym every day and eat well.
That is simply not true.  Only people who have considerable wealth want to come to the US for health care.  What "everyone" wants is to be treated when they are sick or injured.
That's why they want to come to the US. In countries with socialized medicine you are risk dying before you can get treatment while on the waiting list due to rationing.
With socialized medicine you can afford the treatment that you get.  For the poor this means a far lower likelihood of dying from a treatable disease, illness or injury.  

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/10/05/AR2009100503798.html

The United States ranks near the bottom of the list when it comes to preventable deaths.


So, we're the most expensive by a power of two, and people are more likely to die from a preventable cause.  Sounds like it is time to find a working model from some other place in the world and do exactly what they are doing.
Those socialized health care myths have been debunked:
http://freemarketcure.com/singlepayermyths.php
"Elderly patients dying of thirst: Doctors forced to prescribe drinking water to keep the old alive, reveals devastating report on hospital care"
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-1390925/Elderly-patients-dying-thirst-Doctors-forced-prescribe-drinking-water-old-alive-reveals-devastating-report-hospital-care.html
"Premature Baby Left to Die Under Britain's Socialized Medicine"
http://www.moonbattery.com/archives/2009/09/premature_baby.html
could you find a more biased site please? this one isn't quit biased enough.
sure, comparisons between china and the US are rather difficult. comparisons between the US and say, Canada or Austria or Japan or south korea however are far easier as they are far more comparable as societies overall. quality of living, quality of care, cost of living are all in the same ball park.

and no, you dont get what you pay for. you spend twice as much (12 vs 6% of GDP) while not covering every citizen and get comparable results for the people that are treated.
are they? considering the results are pretty comparable overall what exactly are they not getting that they do need?
"For-profit hospitals are forced to put up signs that say "You will not be denied coverage regardless of your inability to pay".

thankfully yes, or the US would have even more deaths from preventable causes then it already has.
"you're poor so you can just go and die" doesn't sit well with me.

and there are examples of mistakes in every healthcare system. it's human work so prone to human error. 
the fact remains overall the US system doesn't provide better results while costing twice as much and doesn't cover every citizen.
see below
see below
The chart flat out says "the standard package between countries varies" .. then how are we to decide if a country is getting what they paid for or not?

I would like to see a chart like this, but broken down for basic procedures (i.e. - what the price to the consumer for something like an MRI scan).  I think that would be more interesting and telling.
The US health care system is very much screwed up.  I said that above.  

#1.  Those personal experiences were not made up.  Sorry to burst your fairy tale idea of how amazing "free government run health care" is.  Sadly those are about the only 2 experiences I have had with them.  

I do know many Canadians who have reiterated that their health care system is quite good as long as you don't need it very fast.  

Food is far more important than health care and in many cases costs about the same on a yearly basis.  So do we need the government to provide food for everyone for free because it's so expensive?  Has the competitive free market place driven the price of a loaf of bread up to $30?  

Here's the problem:  Not everyone can have access to the best health care and the best doctors all the time for free.  So, how should we go about "rationing" the best care???

The marketplace does a very good job of this.  When we turn it over to the government we get service that is on par with what you get at the US Post office or the DMV.  

Here are the problems:
#1.  The AMA (union for doctors).  The protect physicians rather than try to create a system which allows for low-cost health care.
#2.  What we call "health insurance" is actually "pre-paid medical".  It will work better when people DON'T want to use their insurance policies (Like my auto insurance or fire insurance policies). 
#3.  Consumers must be price sensitive.  Consumers don't care how much things cost.  Physicians don't care how much things cost.  Hospitals don't really care how much things cost as it's the insurance companies that pay the bills.  Insurance companies pass costs onto their customers.  
#4.  Health Care providers need to be allowed to choose their customers just like everyone else.  Many think this is heartless.  It's not because it works and it creates low-cost health care for everyone rather than high priced health care for all.  

Try to run any business where the government forces you to give your services away for free.  Guess what......it doesn't work out very well.
It's more about CYA however doctors do get paid for more procedures.  Too few procedures and they get sued.  

The conversation that SHOULD happen is this:

"Mr. Johnson, it looks like you have about a 2% chance of having cancer here.  We could run some imaging and find out for sure.  It would cost you $300.  What would you like to do".
MRI in CANADA costs me $0.00.  Heart operation $0.00.
100% bullshit.  

Health care costs will continue to rise as long as the government forces providers to give away services for free, as long as fewer and fewer people are actually PAYING for the health care of everyone, and as long as it is a non-competitive environment. 

When companies compete, prices go DOWN and quality/services/options go UP. 

The problem here is the government, not the "evil corporations".
It works fine as long as you let it work.  

Look at life insurance.  If you want it, you buy it.  If you don't want it, you don't buy it.  

What would happen to life insurance rates if the government demanded that life insurance companies cover anyone who dies whether they're insured or not???
Yep.  We've turned it into pre-paid medical.
Thank you!  

I always know when I've won a debate when the discussion ends and the name calling begins.  You flatter me!
Nope.  

We had a free market system for health care 60 years ago.  People worked out payment plans with their doctors and hospitals.  Some took charity cases because they wanted to and they budgeted for it.  Families can chip in as well.  Government could still cover the costs of certain citizens.  

The difference is that the prices would be far lower and services would be better.
I understand this far better than you know.
So which are you more interested in?  

A health care system that delivers mediocre care to everyone with no alternatives?  

OR

A health care system that is free and really good for a few decades but ends up driving the country (and possibly the world) into a depression while collapsing the US dollar?

That's basically what you're advocating.
Do we get what we pay for?

http://www.commonwealthfund.org/Publications/Fund-Reports/2010/Jun/Mirror-Mirror-Update.aspx?page=all
Among OECD Nations, U.S. Lags in Personal Health
Not feeling health benefits of high spending
by Christopher Khoury and Ian T. Brown
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Among the residents of all 30 Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries Gallup surveyed between 2006 and 2008, Americans' satisfaction with their personal health falls near the group median despite having one of organization's highest GDPs per capita.

http://www.gallup.com/poll/117205/americans-not-feeling-health-benefits-high-spending.aspx
You take dat back! 'Muricas the greatest nashun on Earf!
I went to the ER with an obvious kidney stone. Told them I didn't have health insurance. A simple XRay would have cost me $199. But no, they ordered the $2750 CT Scan to determine that there was a 10mm BLOCKAGE of my ureter. They had my history and know I'm prone to stones and could have easily seen it on an XRay. I finally paid that bill off, nearly 20 months later.  My guess is that they're attempting to pay off the purchase of the scanner by pushing procedures they don't really need.
My physician sent me to a top orthopedic surgeon, probably recommended by a fee paid referral service. One x-ray, three minutes with the doctor - $750, insurance paid $130, I had to pay the rest, no agreement between doctor and insurance company. 

He essentially told me to take ibuprofen, work through the pain, and when I couldn't use my arm any more, come back for surgery. 

2nd opinion - three weeks of physical therapy and regular exercises - no more problem.
You're telling me that I'd be able to negotiate the $27,000 ER bill with the hospital? Somehow, I highly doubt they'll "understand my predicament". Payment plan or not, I'm still out $27,000 with no way to pay it in any respectable amount of time. Living in debt sure is fun!
"Americans Consider Crossing Borders for Medical Care
Competition for high-quality, affordable medical care no longer local

WASHINGTON, D.C. -- While domestic healthcare costs are expected to increase to an estimated 21% of GDP by 2010, some Americans may be interested in taking their healthcare spending elsewhere. A recent Gallup Poll finds that up to 29% of Americans would consider traveling abroad for medical procedures such as heart bypass surgery, hip or knee replacement, plastic surgery, cancer diagnosis and treatment, or alternative medical care, even though all are routinely done in the United States."

http://www.gallup.com/poll/118423/Americans-Consider-Crossing-Borders-Medical-Care.aspx
You're talking about mostly elective procedures like plastic surgery and dental work.  If you have a life-threatening health issue you likely aren't leaving the US for that.
With hyperbole like that how could I not agree with you!

/s
#1.  Hospitals negotiate bills all the time right now.  Call them.  

#2.  In a competitive market place that $27,000 bill might be something like $4,000.  

#3.  In a competitive marketplace health insurance for catastrophes would be actually affordable and would may everything except for your "deductible".  

#4.  Insurance might have been a good thing to purchase so that you wouldn't have had a $27K bill.  Personal responsibility can be a bitch can't it.  Did you think that it should be someone else job to work and make money so that they can pay for things for you? In nature there's a word for that.......it's called a parasite.
The US is affluent.  One of the byproducts is that we drive everywhere because we have cars.  We eat out a lot and when we do we eat a lot of fatty foods in large portions.  We have a lot of people who are obese and have associated problems (heart disease, diabetes, etc).  

So the fact that Americans aren't satisfied with their health is an issue, but it's not what we're talking about here.
I've always wondered why people get "bill shock" for medical care... why is it just standard practice to go into the transaction/consumption blind and then be surprised when the price is so high?  When was the last time you treated any other major transaction like that?
U.S. healthcare costs are high. Though this chart is only comparing "basic" coverage which is subjective to the nation you are looking at. 3rd world countries have costs at 1% of our premiums, big surprise?
He's part of that, "bring a chicken to your doctor" mentality.
I live in Canada, your story is BS.
I've always wondered how people can read so much more into a comment than is really there. Of course, in those cases it's usually judgmental and senselessly critical, and by someone who somehow completely misses the point.
Not really.  Health care costs are steadily rising in the US.  Medicare and Medicaid are set to bankrupt us in the coming decades.  Brittan and Canada are seeing similar costs rise while services are in a fairly steady decline.  

The fact is that you CAN'T have it both ways.  You have to choose.  Politicians and the morons who support their crazy ideas do actually believe in a fairy tale land where you can squeeze a balloon without it affecting the rest of the balloon.  

With every political action there are consequences.....usually unforeseen by the politicians.  

This is the trend:
Politicians identify problem A
Politicians try to fix problem A
Problem A is partly changed while creating problems B & C.  
Politicians try to fix problems B & C with the same result.  
etc 
etc
etc
Politicians decide that "the free market has failed" and they MUST take over.  

"The more the plans fail, the more the planners plan".
No, you lose the debate when you say stuff like ".If we make it so that McDonalds MUST give away free food to anyone who claims to be hungry but doesn't feel like paying for it".
Trying to compare a for profit  fast food industry like McDonald's to Healthcare. That is where you lost the conversation. You actually sound like a hill billy with your straw man arguments.
Besides, $750 is hardly a major transaction. $50,000 surgery would be a major transaction. 

However, due to a lack of price transparency, and the fact that insurance and other databases of comparative healthcare costs are very closely guarded and not available to anyone outside those companies, any private comparison is impossible. 

In addition to the lack of competitive information, it's pretty difficult for someone to get competitive bids from the back of an ambulance.
You're right, in some cases where it is a medical emergency, it isn't an option.  But when you've been referred to a specialist, how difficult is it to call them up and ask how much it would cost?  And yes, even with all the crap revolving around medical insurance and differing rates, they can tell you what it will cost you out of pocket.
One of the major reasons for higher healthcare in the US is the lack of transparency in pricing, and the impossibility of comparing relative costs between providers. At least, finally, a few people are trying to do something to provide a solution - http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2010/06/11/bringing-comparison-shopping-to-the-doctors-office/
I said nothing at all in my comment about not knowing what the cost would be, and that has nothing to do with the point you didn't get.  

I couldn't even imagine that any prudent person would walk into a specialist's office without knowing what the approximate cost would be. I certainly wouldn't, and didn't.
It sounds like you are in favor of the Affordable Care Act and the individual mandate where health insurance companies no longer have to provide anybody's care for free because everybody has health insurance - with those who can't afford it paid for by the government at a substantial savings.

I'm not a fan of the mandate - I would prefer a single payer system - but any compromise that makes it so that 50% of all bankruptcies are no longer caused by an illness in the family and provides all Americans with regular access to a Doctor is preferable to the system that we have.
So you should know about how your politicians were tired of people complaining about long wait times in the ER.  They legislated a maximum time (4 hours or so) that someone could wait before seeing a doctor.  

The logical solution was for the ambulances to either circle the hospital or park a few blocks away and wait a few hours until they could drop off their patents and comply with the 4 hour requirement.

I'm sure that made life better AND saved money, right?

I travel to Canada and work with Canadians all the time (Mostly in BC and the GTA).  Just because you're not aware of the problems it doesn't mean that they don't exist.

Nice try though.  Nice try.
That still doesn't address the underlying problem that neither patients or their providers care what the prices are.  Prices will still continue to rise steadily and politicians will rush in with new policy to fix the problems that they created.  

We live in a free country.  You're free to make your own choices.......even if they're bad.  If you're uninsured, that's fine.  Just know that it's not someone elses job to take care of you.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/04/24/health-care-costs-for-app_n_1448950.html
So you prefer a system where prices constantly rise over a system where prices constantly fall?  

There are lots of complicated industries where the free market continues to get rid of poor performers and replace them with performers that deliver better services for a lower price.  

The government has tied the hands of the providers making it impossible to do their jobs without constantly raising their prices.  

.......then the politicians complain about the rising prices and they rush in to fix it..........
The problem with your provider not caring what the prices are goes away when the system is about healthy clients instead of sick patients.  Our system is about getting people sick and keeping them way in order to profit off of them instead of getting people healthy and keeping them that way so that the whole system costs less.

Freedom to not be able to afford health insurance is not freedom at all.  That's like being free to walk 8 miles in the rain to work because you can't afford a car.
It also has a lot to do with keeping people sick instead of working to make them healthy.  The health care industrial complex makes a lot more money off of you when you are sick than when you are healthy.
My dentist would have to disagree, he quit accepting insurance and was able to charge well over 50% less.
Hibby,  you seem like a person who has reasonable ideas but has never actually experienced what he is talking about.

"#1. Hospitals negotiate bills all the time right now."
   Correct.  Hospitals negotiate with insurance companies and individuals all the time.  Insurance companies have a threat of dropping you from their "health network" if a deal cannot be struck.  I had a close friend who fell off a ladder in the two weeks he had between jobs and broke his back.  His new job immediately informed him he did not have a job. He did not have any kind of threat to hold over the hospital.   He was an individual.  He could not even get the hospital to talk about the debt until it was half paid and they were finally certain that there was no more blood that could be extracted from this particular stone.  Then they extracted a little more.  They did reduce his debt to about 2/3 of the original bill, a far cry from what you list in #2.

"#2. In a competitive market place that $27,000 bill might be something like $4,000." 
   Probably true since this is the difference between what they would charge an individual and what the "negotiated fee" with the insurance company would be.

"#3. In a competitive marketplace health insurance for catastrophes would be actually affordable and would may everything except for your "deductible"."
   Have you actually tried to get individual insurance?  You may be surprised at the requirements.  The problem is that most people would fall under the requirement for high risk insurance.  My wife and I had to get private insurance when I retired.  I was very nearly on high risk because of our height/weight ratio. I barely passed.  Neither of us is obese.  I am 5 foot 10 inch and weight 175.  My wife is about the same.  She originally did not pass.  When that happens, you are on a deadline.  You have 30 days to lose the required weight.  If you accept and pay the high risk insurance we were told that you will never get off of it.  Every insurance company asks if your were ever rejected for standard underwriter's health insurance, and why, in the enrollment form.  You could lie to try to outrun it but that is very risky.  The company could wait for you to have a problem and then throw you out for lying on the original enrollment.  My wife lost 10 pounds in 2 weeks and passed with a little time to spare.  I am proud of her.  It was not easy.  We had already received the first bill.  It was $310/month for me and $3650/month for her, and this was for a basic catastrophic policy!  After she passed the requirement her bill dropped to a little below what mine was.  If I was about 10 pounds heavier I too would have been on high risk and our combined bill would have been roughly eight times my house mortgage.  Could you afford an extra $7k/month out of your budget, even with a job, just for health insurance?  I could not.
     
"#4. Insurance might have been a good thing to purchase so that you wouldn't have had a $27K bill. Personal responsibility can be a bitch can't it. Did you think that it should be someone else job to work and make money so that they can pay for things for you? In nature there's a word for that.......it's called a parasite."
   See #3 above.  Again, could you afford an extra $7000/month to be pulled from your household budget?   Please do not call someone names when you do not know the specific situation they are in.
I don't think that any organization on a large scale within health care is purposefully getting people sick.  If you have evidence of that, I'd love to see it.  I agree that there aren't great motivations to keep people healthy.  At the same time, if you want to be healthy in America, it's not hard to find out what you need to do and do it.  Hell, most of us learned those things in 4th grade.  Plenty of people are very proactive and healthy.  Many others choose not to.  

Regarding women's health care, they always say that "it's their body".  So regarding health care in general is it our job or the government's job to make choices that affect our health?  

In a competitive market place various tiers of service would be available just as they are for eating establishments and there would be very affordable options in every tier.  Insurance would compliment that market.
Actually people go all over the world to look for specialist including Mexico and Cuba. It's a myth that the US is any different than anyone else in that respect. Patient don't have control on where the best in certain fields want to practice.
Yep.

The ADA is similar to the AMA.  It protects the providers but not the consumers.  I have family members who are dentists.  I asked one of them how long it would take him to teach me everything he knows.  His answer:  6 months and then another 6 months to learn about all of the 1 in 100,000 scenarios.  However the ADA has made it a "holy profession" that requires 8-12 years of school beyond High School.  

I think that SOME dentists should have that level of training and expertise while others become skilled in a short time at performing the routine duties.  

Make it so that anyone can be a "low level" dentist in 12-24 months out of high school and dental prices plummet.  

What keeps prices high now?  The union.
"So you prefer a system where prices constantly rise over a system where prices constantly fall? "

-That is the system you have now.

"There are lots of complicated industries where the free market continues to get rid of poor performers and replace them with performers that deliver better services for a lower price. "

-This is heath care, it shouldn't be about profit, but with a free market, it's bout profit. That's well and good for McDonalds but not drug companies.

"The government has tied the hands of the providers making it impossible to do their jobs without constantly raising their prices. "

-You mean the free market.

".......then the politicians complain about the rising prices and they rush in to fix it.........."

-I hate to be "that guy" but one party is trying to fix it while the other is doing everything it can to impede any kind of progress.
Our health care system is screwed up.  I'm not suggesting that right now you'll get a 90% reduction via negotiations.  I'm saying that in a competitive marketplace and without the AMA sustaining prices there would be a drastic reduction in prices.  However thank you for proving yourself wrong.  Hospitals can in fact be negotiated with. 

"Have you actually tried to get individual insurance? You may be surprised at the requirements."
------Yep.  I've been self employed for many years.  The difficulties you point out are to a large degree due to the screwed up nature of the industry thanks to the politicians.  The points that you bring up are valid.  Health care is very screwed up and Insurance companies have no real need to compete for patients.  

You and I agree on many things.  We differ in the fact that you believe that the politicians can swoop in and save us.  I believe that we're in this mess because of the politicians and it's by getting them out of it that we'll be "saved".  I'm pretty sure you'll disagree with that statement.  

I have little trust in the government to do anything well and efficiently.  Sometimes they get one or the other right but rarely both.  The problem as I see it is that the Government is unwilling to create the proper motivations.
Doubtful. I've never heard of a single person going to Cuba for health care.
That is the beauty of the Single Payer system. No need to ask.
@Garbage...I take it you didn't read the article. People leave for many types of procedures...hip and knee replacement. Heart and Angioplasty as well. Yes if you are flat lining I doubt that you would be catching a plane out of town. I would suggest that you do a bit of research on the subject.
"As well as receiving traditional tourism revenues, Cuba attracts health tourists, generating revenues of around $40m a year for the Cuban economy. Cuba has been a popular health tourism destination for more than 20 years. In 2005 more than 19,600 foreign patients traveled to Cuba for a wide range of treatments including eye-surgery, neurological disorders such as multiple sclerosis and Parkinsons disease, and orthopaedics. Many patients are from Latin America although medical treatment for retinitis pigmentosa, often known as night blindness, has attracted many patients from Europe and North America.[17][18]
An Oct 2007 Miami Herald story addressed the high quality of health care that Canadian and American medical tourism patients receive in Cuba.[19]"
For someone with pre-existing conditions (lots of them), and a job that didn't offer it, insurance would cost me more than I was making for an individual plan. $4000 for ER stay, anesthesia, lithotripsy, scans, pain medication? You're insane. 

Stop generalizing. I had a job. I was a full-time returning adult student. I worked my share. I had NO OPPORTUNITY to purchase insurance at an affordable rate due to things out of my control (my genes, for instance). The hospital, by the way, waived $20K of that $27K and I was "stuck" with over $7K worth of bills which you paid for. I have NO ISSUE paying my bills when I can. I would be in debt for years to come if the hospital hadn't granted me that waiver. The American Dream is alive!
I did not disprove myself.  I agreed with you right off the bat.  The word I used was "Correct".  However, you seemed to be saying that you could talk a $27k bill down to a $4k a bill.  My point was that I doubt that an individual would have that kind of clout to get that kind of a deal against the legal team a hospital could call upon.
  I have worked for most of my life for Fortune 500 companies, in electronics rather than the health field.  But my experience with large companies says that these companies would be incapable of fixing themselves.  I agree that the whole system is screwed up.  However, to change the system will require government intervention.  Large companies are like stubborn mules.  It requires a 2X4 to the forehead to even get their attention.
  What we presently have is a hodgepodge of legislation that goes way back to WWII where health insurance was first attached to employment as a perk.  I have to ask, if someone sits down and creates a whole system from scratch, could they possibly do any worse?  Who ever creates a better system will need to have the force of law to get the industries involved started onto a more reasonable path.
   What we have now is the most expensive system in the world and it really does not do much better than any other country that I have ever visited.  When I have travelled to other industialized countries that have different health systems I always talk to someone to compare health systems.  Like us, all admit to some problems which they are working to fix.  However, each of the systems I checked out (Australia, China, Canada, Japan, Czech Republic, Sweden, Finland, Belgium and Holland)  seems to provide nearly that same services as ours at half the price or even less.
But in all likelihood it's mostly just people going there for cheap boob jobs.
Sadly, I think most people go into doctor's offices without even asking, just expecting it to be (nearly) free.

And Green, a single payer system wouldn't solve that - the doctor would still charge the same (or if there was a price ceiling, that max) but the patient would never even know.  And I doubt a bureaucracy, given what we have now, would ever catch it.  Just take a look at the fraud in Medicare - when they finally catch people (like the fake offices in Florida) they had been running the scam for YEARS.
Whatever....Is that how you came about? LOL
I work with dental insurance and don't see how that is possibe. He must have b
Sorry, short edit time.  He must have been doing something wrong, with electric claims these days you don't even need additonal staff to prepare them.
Also in Australia & the UK no-one has to pay those health insurance premiums to get health care.
Virtually everything is covered by the National Health Service(UK) or Medicare(Aus), essentially it's a "free" service.
As i understand it, in America it's a user pays system & the government is trying to get everyone to have a minimum level of insurance to protect themselves.
This is virtually the opposite of what happens in most other countries, where health insurance is usually taken out by those who want to have a higher level of access to health care w/less time on waiting lists etc.
It seems to me like comparing apples & oranges.
The market isn't free as long as bureaucrats are demanding that services are given away for free.  

The answer is to get the government to move away from health care not to have them take it over.
That because we don't use witch doctors and shamen to treat our ill.
"The market isn't free as long as bureaucrats are demanding that services are given away for free. "

There should be no profit in medicine. Not like there is now anyways. Free market should not be in the same sentence as health care. Peoples lives do not have price tags on them.
Cuba has a better health care system than the US.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Healthcare_in_Cuba
Sure they do, comrade.
Free markets alone don't work for health insurance <a rel="dofollow" href="http://www.sireprinting.com/cat/stickers">buy stickers</a>...that's why other countries have <a rel="dofollow" href="http://www.sireprinting.com/product/rectangular-stickers">flags stickers</a> some kind of socialized or hybrid solution.. <a rel="dofollow" href="http://www.sireprinting.com/product/round-stickers">round stickers</a>
The Doctor has "limits" set . these limits control the pricing.

"Canada has a publicly funded medicare system, with most services provided by the private sector. Each province may opt out, though none currently do. Canada's system is known as a single payer system, where basic services are provided by private doctors (since 2002 they have been allowed to incorporate), with the entire fee paid for by the government at the same rate. Most government funding (94%) comes from the provincial level.[14] Most family doctors receive a fee per visit. These rates are negotiated between the provincial governments and the province's medical associations, usually on an annual basis. Pharmaceutical costs are set at a global median by government price controls."

The following link is from 'Harvard Trade Union Program" titled
 "THE POLITICS OF CANADA'S HEALTH CARE SYSTEM"

It is an interesting short comparison of the two systems.

http://www.law.harvard.edu/programs/lwp/healthc.pdf

An additional link that busts a few myths about our system

http://www.ourfuture.org/blog-entry/mythbusting-canadian-health-care-part-i

Yes a lot data to read...but maybe it might be worth it.
yeah, right. Whatever.
So fining people that cannot afford health care in the first place make sense to you? Forcing people to give money to insurance companies make sense to you?
