Hmmph.  That is about it in a nutshell.
this is not a political cartoon
Hmm, a talking jackass arguing for out of control spending, economic policies to support offshoring, and higher drug prices (a la SOPA copyright controls on drugs).  

Yes, I can see the humor in this.
Yes, we are talking about out of control spending on health care and exporting jobs, and the out of control military.
But it is you who are arguing for more of these things, not us.  
HCR is an attempt to control health care costs.  Are you for or against controlling health care costs?  Look at your voting record and we have the answer.
Exporting jobs is a strictly republicon policy.

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/09/28/AR2010092806143.html

Who has been building up the military to the point that we are spending $250,000 for every person in uniform?  Reagan, Bush, and bush/cheney.

http://www.warresisters.org/pages/piechart.htm
And you didn't make a post. Same logic.
looks like one to me. it a cartoon touching on a political issue. i think that makes it a political cartoon.

sorry it's not sucking on the withered teat you call a worldview.
Exactly
"HCR is an attempt to control health care costs."  
Uh, not any more.  The mask has slipped on that one.  You gotta keep up.
This is exactly what the democrats want you to think.  The reality is that they're just as corrupt and self-serving as the republicans.  And that my friends is the inconvenient truth.
a bit inaccurate.  what do you think obama was doing when he opened gulf drilling? the same exact drill baby drill mentality people attacked bush for. BP isn't an american company you know....that's outsourcing.  that's allowing a foreign company to drill american oil and sell it back to americans at a profit.  oh and it just so happened to cause one of the largest oil spills in history.  good going obama!

out of control spending?  maybe that was something the democrats were against in the clinton era.  but there is no such thing as being against out of control spending when it comes to the obama administration.  in fact, the main historical defining point of a republican is being against out of control spending.

going by the fanatic far lefts logic, obama is either a horrible president, or a republican.

I'm a democrat....a REAL democrat. not that 20 something hipster metrosexual fad chaser with non prescription glasses bullshit that call themselves democrat.

most people who call themselves democrats are too far left.   it's just like temperature....too hot and you burn, too cold and you freeze. the truth is, if you're too far left or too far right....you're fucking insane.  you're the unpleasant extreme.

it's like they don't understand what the base words 'liberal' and 'conservative' means.   I'll explain it in terms a child can understand so they can understand.  we'll go with peanut butter.  when you spread an extra thick layer on a piece of bread...that's liberal.  more. when you spread a thin layer instead, that's conservative.  less.
Political propaganda.

This attempts to collapse a dozen or so dimensions of political and social discourse to a single "Left vs Right" dimension and to ignore all the others.

In politics, if you can control the questions, you don't have to worry about the answers.

If the oligarchy can keep everyone thinking in 1 dimension, they don't care which end of the dimension we vote for.
Abortion is a big "talking point" for republicans, yes.
The photo explained:

Democrats: Give us your money so we can pay for everyone's health care issues, stop drilling in the US so we can fix the fuel problem, let's keep China happy at the expense of our own economy.  Global warming or cooling, we can't decide yet, though climate change is part of the evolution of life, and this whole time we'll waste a bunch of money.

Republicans:  Right to life, right to privacy (even of personal capital), Obama's anything to anyone, and pray wherever you wanna pray, as government cannot dictate the institute of the schools to do as it wants.
You're referring to the literal definitions of liberal and conservative, not to politics. A conservative is liberal when it comes to military spending, but that doesn't mean that they're liberals.
Mark,  your wrong.  This is what the republicans want u to think. They are the party of dumbing politics down to a single dimension. That's why they never talk about the important issues. 
spot on
Don't forget the important difference: republicans get off their asses and vote.
true dat'
There is no differences between Democrats or Republicans on Outscoring of jobs, climate change and socialism or big end of town.
Title should read "how the Left views the differences between priorities of the left and the right."
how funny, the ASS is complaining about all the things the party of the ASS created
^didnt get the meme memo.
