That would be one dead SOB when the Cops got there...
I can't imagine how that poor girl must have felt! That guy is very lucky to be alive today. How can anyone be so drunk as to do such a thing? Maybe it was more than alcohol.

Hopefully they will remember to lock their door from now on.
wtf.
Agreed!
Guess she didn't forward that chain mail...
Wait, where have I heard this story before?  Antoine warned us about this!  Hide yer kids, hide yo wife.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMtZfW2z9dw
Hide your kids, hide your wife, And hide your husband cuz they're rapin everybody out there
Yep. I'd have emptied my .45 into the moron.
"But she thinks even a confused drunk person wouldn't make that kind of mistake."

I don't know.. This isn't the first time you have people breaking in into houses thinking it's theirs, taking off their clothes, and falling asleep. There was that one case in the UK where the guy even recorded the intruder sleeping.

I mean, who doesn't take off their pants when they come home? I sure do.. C'mon, the guy even took his SHOES off at the door. And besides, if he really wanted to harm their daughter, he would have done so. I'm betting he didn't even know she was there.
The father showed incredible restraint not shooting this pervert.
I can say one thing and that would be the cops would not have gotten a chance to arrest him or question his sorry ass .
I don't know why you got dugg down. That's an accurate statement.  Not shooting an intruder that was in his daughter's bed is a perfect example of restraint. I sure as hell don't have that kind of restraint, and I sometimes wish I did.
"But she thinks even a confused drunk person wouldn't make that kind of mistake."
Yes they can. I know someone that had someone do this to. They guy lived next door, and got confused where he lived.
I think the vote down was because of the 'pervert' part. I haven't been drunk enough to not know where my house is, but probably in this case, that's what happened, drunk dude just got to a wrong house and just dropped on the first bed he saw.
FTA:  "Intoxicated man pushed past the locked front door".

Sounds like the door wasn't very well locked, folks. One doesn't just "push" past a locked door. If the door was adequately locked, it would have to be "kicked in" or "kicked down", which would have caused a lot more noise. 

Without more details, this sounds like another article built for sympathy, but possibly exposing parents as security negligent.
their door was locked.
based on castle law im not too sure if that would have been ok but the guy did what was right let the court system have him then let the animals in prison have him. I understand thought it would have been hard not to pull the trigger till it went click.
Actually it would be just fine under the castle doctrine... Maybe not the emptying part. But one or 2 shots to the chest would be fine. Some stranger climbs into your kids bed while they sleep, and no cop is going to fault you for shooting first. Letting him live was good too, since he was obviously too drunk to know where he was. But still... If he had gotten shot, I doubt any charges would have been brought onto the father.  

I really do admire the fathers restraint.
The father shows that not all gun owners are looking for an excuse to use it. As a gun Owner myself I know people dont like guns but this is a situation where having one is wonderful and the father didn't even have to fire it. Thats awesome restraint.
I'm sorry, I misread it. I thought it said unlocked door.
no need to be sorry it happens.
Thank you for correcting me.
Most people where I live don't lock their doors. It must be really sad for you to live in such fear.
...then you would be a murderer and a fucking moron. I really hope you don't own a gun with such poor judgment.
Castle doctrine? Let me guess, you live in one of those fucking redneck states? I wish you guys would just separate so the rest of us can have a civilization.
Why do you continue to make comments that expose how fucking stupid you are? Are you proud of your stupidity?
No. I would be a man who protects his family, and I wouldn't see a second in jail, because the law is on my side.  And I own 2 guns, and I would gladly blow the head off of anyone who breaks in to my house.
So let me get this straight.. I'm a fucking moron because I would shoot an intruder, and I'm stupid for saying that a man has great restraint for not shooting an intruder? 

What the fuck are you on? Seriously... Are you on drugs? Or did you just decide that you wanted to try to insult a random person on the internet for no reason at all, and I'm the one you picked?

You are the one who keeps proving how stupid you are by posting dumb comments.
If by redneck state, you mean a state that believes people have a right to defend their homes against intruders; Then yes. I live in one, and I am proud of it. Go fuck yourself you fucking worthless retard.
Very difficult to prove.
It is not who lives in your neighborhood that matters, but who can come into your neighborhood.
Just like Travis will never slam someone's head into the concrete again.
