As someone who has worked on hundreds of miles of transmission lines around the country, I can verify that our nation's power grid is ridiculously old. Remember the massive east coast blackout a few years back? That's a result of the US having a Third World electrical system, and it could happen again.

We need direct massive public projects to repair/update our nation's failing electric grid. Our government should be the one to make this investment, which would double as a JOBS program. 2 birds with one stone.
Unfortunately, instead of government looking for our best interests, most of it just wants to make sure the government doesnt work for their own 'benefit'.
Great. Another place we need to spend money. 
That's only 1.6% of what we spend on military. We need to get our priorities straight.
You mean putting people to work?
The trouble, like all public works projects, is funding. Couple that with the fact that congress refuses to be friends and get along to pass any laws and we have crap roads, crumbly bridges and a power grid from the 40's.
It'll all be shot to shit anyway once the massive solar storm engulfs us at the end of the year. Anyway, about Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan...
I keep hoping the push for electric cars will create the impetus  for it. The Tech revolution doesn't seem to have worked. 

It is going to take either a natural disaster, like the Quebec Ice Storm or Hurricane Katrina to force a large amount of the electrical grid to be rebuilt. 

Next time you are a passenger in a car or bus, look around! When you see the dark grey, off black pole transformers, you are looking at a transformer that is over 50 years old. ALL of the new, above ground ones are light grey, and have been since around 1960.
Human nature; when we already have something good and working we don't want to improve it until it's already too late
No surprise here....infrastructure gets overlooked a lot, everybody wants "the next guy" to fix it.

Having a "massive public works project" to fix it is of course about the worst, least productive way to do it.  Better would be incentivized contracts like the one that got that bridge in Oklahoma and that highway in California rebuilt in record time.  State governments should have *bare* *minimum* involvement and of course it's not remotely the Fed's business.
Ah, if it did that it would be great and I don't mean the type jobs Obama creates that cost taxpayers millions per job.  I would love to see private industry jobs-no matter which party accomplishes this.
This is a classic example of cutting off your nose to spite your face.  We need this, but a massive influx of new government workers might just kick start some small part of the economy.  That would smack of 'new dealism' and, never mind that it would work, we just aren't going to do that.  We would rather wallow in darkness than admit FDR was right.
Perhaps if you actually paid attention to the facts instead of regurgitating fox propaganda you would understand that the government has LOST jobs while the private sector has had 2 years of job gains.  I guess asking a conservative to objectively accept facts is no longer possible.
Not talking about govt. jobs novie, talking about Obama crony jobs.
Maybe if we had been investing in our electrical grid instead of loaning money to Solyndra and subsidizing wasteful ethanol biofuel we would be in better shape.
The problem is the Government sucks at long term planning.  How much of the infastructure it provides has suffered from decades of underinvestment?  The national highway system and the air traffic control system are two good examples, but even in terms of services you have Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid all steaming towards insolvency due to unsustainable tax and benefit models.
Merely putting people to work doesn't do any good, it has to be some sort of investment in the future or else its just more debt that will continue to drag us down forever.  

Now, in this case its actually an infastructure investment that should be made.  This would have been a much better use of Department of Energy money than loaning Solyndra money.
So in other words, you are incapable of looking up some basic facts that prove that there has been many, many months of consistent job private sector job growth following the official end of the Great Recession.  Gotcha.
Then it is our responsibility to elect capable people who can actually make these things work instead of corporate ideologues that have the slickest astroturf campaign and placate people using wedge social issues.
Our put the infrastructure in the hands of people who have an incentive to maintain it and then use the Government merely to provide over-sight to ensure they do.
Actually, merely putting people to work on any projects can have a monumental effect on restoring both confidence in the economy and on consumer spending habits.  It is unsustainable in the long term unless those projects actually amount to the common good of a nation and society however, but green energy and infrastructure projects are a win-win.
