Interesting, but I'll take it with a grain of salt because it's the Daily Mail.
Anyone with an awesome boss will tell you absolute power does not corrupt absolutely. I'd like to have some faith in humanity., but most politicians keep taking that from me...
I will say that this is the reason government should be limited.
Most likely your "awesome boss" has an awesome employee. An employee which for a meager stipend provides an awesome amount of productivity. At that level of productivity the boss would hate to rock the boat.

Plus, I doubt your "awesome boss"  has absolute power over you. They cannot fire you on a whim or make you screw them.

Now, with that said, I feel that many people are great bosses. I just wanted to remind people that when bosses and workers are on the same page of getting stuff done less conflicts result.

It is when they are not on the same page that stuff gets sticky.
"The claim by Dr Ian Robertson that power is addictive may go some way to explain the outlandish and impulsive behaviour of city fatcats, tycoons and celebrities."

They're just NOW figuring this stuff out?
Power can be real or illusory depending on the circumstances and on the sense of those involved. Real power is when you can do as you please, like hire and fire people at will and without explanation - that is rare. Much more common is the perception of power when in fact exercising it without justification is rarely acceptable. "I'm your boss, I can fire you at will.....but at some point my boss is going to want me to justify my decision."
Thanks, again, "science" for "proving" what we already knew.  It's such a relief to have your *official* permission to believe the obvious.  That said, will we all now collectively re-evaluate all  the persons who have power?  I don't advise the holding of one's colloquial breath.
Aw, did science kill your puppy when you were a kid? Jackass.
So we should give government more power so they can become more corrupt?
Anyone given the slightest authority ends up abusing it and use it for personal gain. A policeman has the power to arrest but can also not arrest if given the right incentive is given. Anyone who is an employer will also have this addiction - the addiction of hiring or firing they like. People who are promoted anywhere suddenly feel entitled more entitled than the people who were not. Being more informed than someone else is empowering.  There is nothing which can be done. Starting a business and being ones own boss and everyone one employs. Even being a judge is exactly the same.  Society cannot function unless there are people who given some kind of authority, some sort of control over things. It may be addictive as cocaine but there is no alternative.Human beings are inherently opportunistic and will do anything for there own benefit..
Your mom has a vestigial tail.
And yours has a prehensile tail.
Negative 2 points for originality.
