Apple is making big moves after the passing of Steve. Keep it up!
Pay its fair share of taxes instead of a pitiful 9.8% and pay the people who make it's stuff more than slave wages would be a good place to start.
Who makes your tech and where? Do they have a public policy regarding their (and you know it's where it was made) China operations and have they allowed for public inspections? I'm going to go out on a limb here and say no they haven't. The only major tech company that has it seems is Apple.

As far as taxes go, Apple obeys the law. Change the law and they will comply.

You're whining dude
Apple doesn't need to get into the POS market. It isn't part of their core and unlike many other companies, they don't just buy stuff to have it.

They would be better off buying or building into their own supply chain so as not to have to worry as much about interruptions outside of their control
I agree, it would make sense for them to vertically integrate by owning more of the supply chain.  It would be nice to see then own enough capacity to build proprietary chipsets for their computers instead of relying on intel.
"The Law is the Floor" - In means the law should represent the lowest level of ethics.

Your arguing that the law should represent the ethics of a corporation. Its not only not true its disgusting you think they should be exempt..
You're such a moron in that you think that's what I said. I get it, you LOVE to argue like Apple is in some kind of vacuum in China, but it isn't. Where the hammer hits the nail is that NO other company (please name one, how about the tech you use...oh wait you NEVER answer that question everytime it's brought up) is doing more for worker's conditions in China. So until you can answer a basic question you should just STFU because you have no leg to stand on.
Google left china for ethical reasons
Samsung produces Computer chips USA
etc etc
Riiiight, keep telling yourself that's why Google left China. I swear it gets funnier every time you say it. Plus with them not even there, how do they make a difference? Oh wait! They can't.

Samsung makes chips, some of them in a Fab in the US, the majority of them elsewhere (like China). Apple doesn't make chips (though they do some design in that area).

etc etc
With Cook being the person he is (apparently quite a supply chain genius if you believe his press clippings), it wouldn't surprise me at all if Apple did buy into their supply chain.
