Funny how the dims chastise Republicans for cutting Medicare but are OK with Obama doing it...
First of all when the right drops the propaganda phrase OBAMACARE, maybe then they will be in a position to be engaged in serious debate on the matters of solutions!
"Obamacare" has become shorthand for the health reform bill, and though started by conservatives, is now widespread.
As the followers of the 21st century Pied Piper of Washington take the bait and vote for him again I stand in awe of the treachery that persists in this and other administrations, and they still defend him even though he still holds a knife behind his back and is ready to sell them out. I wonder whether or not he is going to sign ACTA or not, at least this time around.
Yes
You mean all the provisions the Republicans added to the bill so it would pass?  Even though the original bill(single payer) was so much better for the American People but not for the Corporate Elite?  The bill you guys got passed was raped by Republicans before it's passage so you can blame both parties.  Democrats for not having balls and Republicans for not having souls.
You know what? I find your lack of care for your fellow countrymen disturbing.
The Weekly Standard is a neocon rag full of right wing nuttery. Obama could heal the sick on the White House lawn while singing "Praise Jesus" and they'd still bitch about it. That doesn't mean Obama doesn't have his faults. His biggest fault is that he's too much like Bush rather than an being an actual progressive.

Nevertheless, if the right is so damn worried about this country's health care problems, then perhaps they should join the discussion and stop sabotaging every attempt to reform it.
Uncle.  Enough corruption, lies and deceit.  We had hope, now for some change.
While not perfect and single-payer would be preferable, I will take Obamacare any day over the GOP plan as outlined here....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-usmvYOPfco
It would be amusing to see what happens when the Weakly Standard is forced to provide its 'proof' for these claims.
The republican health care plan:  If they can't afford insurance, too bad.   Let 'em die.  More cake for the rest of us.

Republicans:  We have no solutions because we ARE the problem.
only one of those is replacing it with something else though.
>> Republicans added to the bill?

You must be kidding. The democrats controls both houses. Obama and his crowd have zero accountability, always blaming others.
The only lies I see right now are the ones in the article. How about a little factual reporting for a change instead of trumped up political propaganda.
The weeklystandard doesn't even try to make it sound truthful, much less make a correct analysis.

weekly stand-tard would be more appropriate.
No, they didn't.

If you disagree with me, fine. Go ahead and explain how the democrats controlled both houses when that bill passed, and then explain why there were Republicans on the Healthcare committee that produced that bill

Your move. Do the research. If you can back up your original statements, I'll make a public proclamation that you're 100% right and I'm 100% wrong on my blog.
Truth is, The bill doesn't take any money out of the current Medicare budget but, rather, it attempts to slow the program's future growth, curtailing just over $500 billion in *anticipated spending increases* over the next 10 years.
What a pile of crap.  Here's an article from 2009.
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB124286548605041517.html

If you happened to notice that last CBO estimate on the HCA, they said it would be more expensive, cover fewer people, but the costs would still come out lower.  You know why?  Because people that can't afford it will be paying a fine now.  Great news, right?   The health care insurance inflation is faster than wage increases so there is only one outcome.  Obamacare is the single worst piece of legislation ever enacted.  It fines people for not having health care as a solution for not having health care.
Evidently the Democratic solution is just letting old people die.
Totodile

Member Since
04/25/12

Hi Molly
Won't happen. ;)
What a crock of mother-fucking shit. How can these fuckers be so fucking hypocritical. The Republicans want to fuck every senior in the US to cut taxes for the rich. FU, Weekly Standard.
Hi Failure
Obama car is about forcing young people to pay into a system like SSI works. They put money in but don't use services so the old and those claiming disability get paid.
If you want to know who is collecting disability watch a handicapped parking area and see how disabled they really are.
1) The conservatives are complaining about savings to making Medicare more efficient. 2) The Medicare administration recognizes that "Obamacare" extends the life of Medicare by 8 years.
3) The "standards" for truth telling at the Weekly Standard appear to be in Matt Drudge territory!
You spit on the graves of the 45,000 Americans who needlessly die, EVERY YEAR, because they don't have insurance.

 They ave met your "death panels". It said Republican National Committee over the door!
All those old people were young people once. 

Young people like me support decent healthcare for the senior citizens because 1) my parents are senior citizens and 2) I will be a senior citizen. Simularly, seniors want to make sure Republicans don't kill Medicare not for their benefit but for that of their sons and daughters.
Like it or not, we are all in this together.  Which is why we need a single-payer system.  Obamacare is only the first step to getting there. Nobody should go broke because they get sick.  Period.
Digg +1000
It's not a first step.  It's a nightmare of legislation that should have never been passed.  We have a single payer system called Medicare which is also a nightmare of debt.  
"Nobody should go broke because they get sick. Period."
Yes, so make them pay a fine!
Sounds a little like "let them eat cake" doesn't it?
Medicare Advantage plans' extra benefits are available because the government partially pays benefits not otherwise available in Medicare via federal subsidy.  The source of that subsidy is Medicare itself (you know, that thing your payroll tax pays into).  That really means that Medicare recipients who are not Medicare Advantage subscribers pay for those lucky enough to have MA.   Only about 25% of are in MA plans ( http://www.kff.org/medicare/upload/2052-15.pdf ).  The other 75% therefore subsidize MA holders....nice eh?

This MA contrivance was invented in 1997 when Republicans held both houses (hmmm, must just be coincidental).  Since then, Medicare D was added, making the subsidy even worse.

The looting of Medicare was initiated largely by the 105th Congress.  Removing that subsidy is not looting Medicare!
Yes, they did -
They held a supermajority in the house and a majority in the Senate up until Scott Brown was voted in which is why held the Senate vote on Christmas Eve before the election.

Republicans had a minority membership on the healthcare committee and all amendments they offered were shot down and overridden.  You recall that, right?  It even was aired on tv as part of Obama's "transparent government"  Remember?  "Elections have consequences"?
I personally think they should not have spent all that those older people put in on unrelated expenses. If they had only put it in simple interest bearing account there would be plenty for future. The real issue is pillaging SSI and medicare leaving the bill to those who don't see past the books cover. The young and gullible
@ebony - But your guy said he LIKED it:

http://www.wwlp.com/dpps/news/politics/supreme_ct/president-embraces-obamacare-nt12-jgr_4119250

http://maddowblog.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/03/23/10832601-team-obama-embraces-obamacare-label
Wow! Liberals now make their own facts. I can imagine what kind of blog you run.

Until the good people of Massachusetts elected Brown, Democrats as full control of the House and filibuster proof majority in the Senate. After Brown's election, Democrats still had majority in the Senat but not filibuster proof.
>>  I will take Obamacare any day over the GOP plan

Of course you will, free health care, welfare and food stamps paid by other people' money.
Not really. Sounds a whole lot better than "Let them die".
You really have no idea what you are talking about.
I provided a link for that.  It's an out and out lie.  The Republicans had a plan and still have a plan and it's not let me die.  It's giving a tax credit to every American for insurance and taking it away from businesses, which is where the thing went wrong.  People change companies too much for this type of approach anymore.  It's an actual rework, not pay a fine for not being able to afford it.
lol
That's why I say the democrats don't have balls.  They tried to reach across the isle for votes and made provisions that are pro republican in order to do so.  They really should of just crammed their original idea down peoples throats like the Republicans always do.  When Republicans gain power they have no problem screwing people over and do so openingly.  They flat out say they are pro rich and try to cut everything helping the poor while saying that it will all work out somehow.
"Wow! Liberals now make their own facts."  You have never done that have you?  Never made assumptions about proof or innocence.  Never typed anything that wasn't true?

You always seem so shocked even though you do it all the time.  Might be a sign of multiple personalities ... or perhaps just being a tool.
Help keep DIGG propaganda free! Give a right-wing nutjob a book.
You don't need to imagine it. You can read it, if you dare: http://accidentalscientist.com

As for full control of the house, at the beginning of 2009, the Democrats had 257 seats out of 435. The Republicans had 178 seats. A 2/3rds majority is 290 seats. Simple majority is 218.By no means have the Democrat party held a super majority in any way between 2009-2011.

And in the Senate, 57 Democrat, 41 Republican, 2 independent. For filibuster-proofness, you need at least 3/5ths to push something through. That's *60* senators. Not 57. Not 59, even if you include the two independents.

As for making up my own facts, I do research. It's apparent that you guys don't.
Really? The Senate Committee was 50% Democrat, 50% Republican. That doesn't sounds like a minority to me. 

"Beginning June 17, 2009, and extending through September 14, 2009, three Democratic and three Republican Senate Finance Committee Members met for a series of 31 meetings to discuss the development of a health care reform bill. Over the course of the next three months, this group, Senators Max Baucus (D-Montana), Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), Kent Conrad (D-North Dakota), Olympia Snowe (R-Maine), Jeff Bingaman (D-New Mexico), and Mike Enzi (R-Wyoming), met for more than 60 hours, and the principles that they discussed became the foundation of the Senate's health care reform bill"

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patient_Protection_and_Affordable_Care_Act

Would you care to cite the cases you're referring to?
This is pure nonsense. But then, look at the source.
Only among right-wingers.    Progressives refer to it as HCA or Health Care Reform.
Reminds me of a joke that was going around about Jesse Jackson during one of his presidential runs.    Articles appear in newspapers saying "Jesse Can't Run".  After he announces his candidacy the papers all start saying "Jesse Can't Win".   At his next campaign rally he enters from across a lake, walking on water.  The papers all run the headline:  Jesse Can't Swim.
Add to this the near total lack of transparency in health care costs, most of which go to pay the insurance industry.   This is probably the biggest incentive for them to campaign against HCA -- they'd be exposed for the way they've been defrauding the American public ever since Edgar Kaiser came up with the concept of HMOs.
You do understand that this is how insurance is supposed to work, right?  Shared risk, spread out over a large pool of subscribers.     Some will never make a claim, some will make only minor claims now and again, and a few will require more in claims that they've ever put in.  In a completely socialist struture, there would be no profit motive for the insurance underwriter.   Premiums not spent to statisfy claims would simply remain in the pool against a "rainy year" when claims exceeded premiums paid by the subscriber base.  In other words, the pool would act as a buffer against uneven claims / premiums distributions.    Because our insurance companies are profit motivated, any "excess" they take in goes to pay executive bonuses, subscribers be screwed should unforseen events require greater remedy.
You are not aware that Obamacare defunded Medicare?  It is a fact.  You are not aware that they are moving money around so that the public is not made aware of this until after the election.  That is a fact as well.
