LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
Run Run And Run :):)
It says they don't like the implication that genetics have anything to do with why Kenya produces so many great runners. Why wouldn't they want to embrace that aspect?
Cheaters
That's an amazing story. Never thought people would make running such a critical part of life. But guess, when it is the only option with promise of a better future, the drive is strong enough.
Kenya produces so many great runners because the ground's so hot they would burn their legs if they stand in one spot.
White man came across the sea
 He brought us pain and misery
 He killed our tribes, he killed our creed
 He took our game for his own need

 We fought him hard we fought him well
 Out on the plains we gave him hell
 But many came too much for Cree
 Oh will we ever be set free?

 Riding through dust clouds and barren wastes
 Galloping hard on the plains
 Chasing the redskins back to their holes
 Fighting them at their own game
 Murder for freedom a stab in the back
 Women and children and cowards attack

 Run to the hills, run for your lives
 Run to the hills, run for your lives
So good to see a country that is not going to suffer from obesity any time soon
http://www.hindustanportal.com/yellow-pages/mobile-phone/mts-store-in-delhi.html
this is a real fact ! Kenya will produces many famous runners just because of their poverty, everyone goes towards sports!
I think it is as simple as the fact that most people are prouder of something they feel they have earned through hard work, training and spirit.  Saying it is just their genetics that makes them good is like telling somebody who is graduating in the top of their class after years of grueling work that it is just their genetics. 

It may be true that genetics gives you the potential, but it doesn't make the work that gets you to the top any easier.  I wouldn't want people to dismiss my hard work on account of my genetics either.
Right on. That makes sense, the article does say they start training very young and work hard. Something I suppose most American kids could learn from.
Yikes..
