I first read the headline as terrorizing and snuggling and am now just disappointed.
I travel by air frequently and feel the TSA is an assault on my freedom.  You are treated like a criminal and must stand in an xray machine with your hands over your head and legs spread and without being read my rights.  Try that with a criminal.  Since TSA has been formed, they have collected water, finger nail clippers, anything liquid over 3 oz. and little else.  The turnover of "agents" is extremely high, never see the same people and they are forever training new agents.  Sometimes there are more TSA than customers at the smaller airports.  The counter people for the airlines have a common joke.  Do you know what TSA stands for:  Thousands Standing Around.  Government intrusion in it's finest.  Flyers do not need to be protected; let someone try to highjack or create havoc on a plane and at least 2 passengers will attack and defend themselves.
Well, the great benefit about the TSA is we can employ all the useless, authoritarian bumpkins to sniff shoes who would otherwise be recruited by a terrorist organization.

They had full employment in the USSR hiring half the country to keep track of the other half -- but I'm sure in our new Kapitalist Security State Utopia, they wouldn't want people having that much job security.

It's probably better that we give people without a background check absolute power -- what's the worst that can happen? After shoplifting, the TSA is probably ready to start targeting suspected terrorists with drones in Pakistan. If you aren't sure if that's some lady bringing home groceries, or a AK 47 in that brown bag -- toss a coin!

// Having fun with fascism -- hell yeah!
But no planes got blowed up, so the security must be working!  /s
This is what happens when you hire people that barely graduated from high school with very little additional training to protect our country.  I feel much safer now(/sarcasm).
TSA = Thousands Standing Around.
At least we now know why the mall-cop rejects wear blue gloves. It keeps them from skinning their knuckles when they walk.  How this country can tolerate such stupid and gross behavior in the name of safety is completely irrational. 

Tiocfaidh ár lá
