It does seem rather stupid people are getting their feathers all ruffled (pun intended). Science explores and builds upon knowledge, it proves, disproves, and modifies it. Just because some morons WANT T-Rex to be scaly doesn't mean that's what the science supports. More discoveries are re-tuning the dinosaur from being a cold-blooded reptile to being an endothermic ancestor of birds. That is what the science is saying.
Because - they fucking eat you.
actually I don't really care if my dino's have scales or feathers. As long as they come with BBQ sauce.
People were upset by pluto because they didn't think that group had the right to determine what was or was not a planet.

The whole thing seemed extremely arbitrary and I wouldn't be surprised if Pluto becomes a planet again at some point in the future and then isn't one and then is one again.
T.Rex largest carnivores with 60 razor-sharp teeth which we glad to never face
So what they're saying is that some scientists are at war with science? Who woulda thunk it?
umm...  they are dead.  No they do not eat you.
To eat you right?
Eh?  There are still some people who think that dinosaurs are reptiles?  The science was settled decades ago, but minds are slow to change.
Some people get stuck on a theory and hate to let it go.  
Like lefty/libs with Chicken Little "global warming."
Like the Chicken LIttle global-warming freaks.
You mean we don't have to sit in the dark wearing two sweaters?
You mean we don't have to ride bicycles to work in December?
@replay -

No, they have never eaten a human.
Why do you believe their teeth were "razor sharp"?
This proves it: You're a complete fucktard. Congrats, here's your medal.
Yep, further proof you're a fucktard.
You girls have been pushing this "global warming" bullshit for twenty years.
We've heard the sales pitch over and over.  We're not buying
Sure, Earth Day was fun.  But when we're looking at $7 /gallon gas and doubling our electric bills....fun is over.

Even Bill Clinton couldn't push through Kyoto.  Even Democrat Senators aren't dumb enough to put their names on a suicide letter like that.  

PS  Who told you you're the "Mighty" anything?   Your mother?
"Mighty"?  Says who?  Your foster mother?
i did.
you know what?  you don't have to beleive it...  you just have to do what you are told.  when you grow up you'll be able to tell right from wrong and then your opinion will matter.  for now...  quit contributing to climate change.  if you want to call it a precaution in case you are clueless and wrong...  thats ok.  just fucking clean up your room because we told you too.
You, starmanjones, are vouching for his Mightiness?

And what, in your opinion, is mighty about Zordan? 

Is it his physical strength?   Is it his mighty ability to resist immorality?   Are his debating skills "mighty"?

Does he have a "mighty" body odor?  
A "mighty" ability to repel persons of the opposite sex?  

Perhaps Zordan has a "mighty" ability to resist the honest and logical arguments he reads on digg?  Yes, that's it.
Hah.  You're the one who is doing what he's told.
>You, starmanjones, are vouching for his Mightiness?

hey...  its right there in his name.  :D  i got no excuse...
hey...  i'm taking cheap shots at ya today.  i'll stop.
It's a reference to Zordon from Power Rangers.

And what are you supposed to be, some insane, twisted clone of the 'original' kasha, whomever he/she might be?

Now go play with your lead paint chips. Try not to swallow any, 'cause you've already swallowed too many.
Fuzzy dinosaurs? So they got it right with Barney?
When you read " The book of Dino facts" you will find some more.
When you read " The book of Dino facts" you will find some more.
