http://mitersaw.toolshometools.org/
I guess we'll see how popular they become.  But this sounds like standard corporate PR to me.
The VOLT's actual range is 25 miles or so on battery.  Then it's just a gas-burner again.
Until the range is up to 250 miles or so, it won't sell.
Good for them!

A few more tries and they might have something viable.  With the Feds  holding their hand and throwing them money ala Krugman I'm *sure* success is *just* around the corner!
What a  blatant lie manufacturers of cars are not committed to anything except greed and profit
I would actually buy one with a 75-100 mile range.  I intentionally live close to work.  Its about 10 miles but no buses in my city that run anywhere near my house.  Plus with that range I could use it to run errands etc.
If you say so.  Why not a Civic?  With a 20 mile commute, what's the difference?
And with a Civic, you have unlimited range.

FYI - The real-world battery range will be about half of the "up to" range.
In the real-world you have to turn on the lights and the heater or a/c.  And the real-world has hills.
I have a pretty dang fuel efficient car.  I was hoping the leaf would improve the battery or drop in price.  At this time I can't afford a new car.  I don't like gasoline.  I don't like paying for it I don't like the smell and it's less efficient given that you lose energy when you convert gasoline to energy to power your car not to mention all the energy in infrastructure and production.   That's also why I knew hydrogen wasn't going to work either.  The energy required for production and lost to heat converting in the engine was too high, despite the car being cleaner when actually driving it.

The energy efficiency improves even if your car is plugged up to a fossil fuel generating electrical source.  20-25% efficiency vs 15% for the standard internal combustion engines.  Electric cars have their drawbacks but think they would be perfect for my needs. Plus I live in the south, solar on my house would be ideal.  Two of my professors had a solar system and geothermal.  They actually made money selling excess into the grid, which with their capacitors they never had to buy back.

There are way more ways to make cleaner energy coming into your house but zero (at current time even ethanol production gets pretty dirty) going into your tank.
"Two of my professors had a solar system and geothermal. They actually made money selling excess into the grid,"

You should be skeptical about that.  Bet you they're ignoring the cost of the solar system.   Or they got it through the university.  If it were true everyone would take out a loan and get on installed.

Germany and the UK are losing billions forcing electric companies to buy solar/wind electricity from customers at double the market price.
Well they were married to each other and biologists so its only one system im talking about.  Biologists tend to be on the environmental side.  They didn't get money from the university but they did get a tax credit.  It can take years to make back the cost of a system like they have but they also built it at the same time as their house  to optimize energy savings and use of natural light (south facing)  they also have a solar thermal component hooked up to their water heater which lowers the demand on the panels themselves.  Solar output in areas like the south make it more useful than say Germany with lower exposure.  The technology is also in its infancy.  The longer it's around the better we will get at making it.

Even if I only broke even on the system in terms of cost.  I love the outdoors.  I like being able to breathe the air.  It's better this way because you consume less of the earth.  

  Weighing cost benefit is one side of the equation and until the kinks get worked out it's not going to be perfect everywhere.  There are some benefits you cant put a price on, like a clean river or a lower childhood asthma rate.  What I would say is throwing these ideas out because "they didn't do well here". Is short sighted.  We used to hunt whales for oil until we discovered it in the ground.  Things change.
Just a thought.  The practice of selling electricity back to the grid is an acknowledgement by its backers that solar will always stay a fringe thing.  Both solar and conventional electric need a large percentage of the population to drive their economics.  Conventional electic already has it; personally, I doubt solar ever will.  But should the point ever arrive that it does, it will have done so by driving conventional into losing economics.  Hence the chance that excess can be sold back to the grid will disappear.
They buy it because if not it will simply be wasted energy.  They would buy it no matter what the source.  Southern energy companies are already using more solar because here the solar output is so high it is worth the investment.  The areas of flat rooftop In the south are perfect places for solar collectors.  If people have solar on their property and sell the excess to the grid it reduces the energy they have to produce through fossil fuel (coal) to meet other customer needs.  They make money doing it.  Why wouldn't they, I really don't see your point.
My Nissan leaf is quite simply amazing.

It makes our other petrol car seem like an old clunky expensive dinosaur.
Mango -- The point is that if solar takes over a large enough percentage of the market (large enough being some indeterminate %), there will be no more conventional power companies because they simply won't have the economics to exist.  Conventional companies buy the excess now because (a) they're required to by law; and (b) we've made it such a hassle to build conventional capacity that buying alternative is actually less expensive. This strategy only works if alternative electric purchased is relatively small compared to whatever is generated conventionally.    

The big open-ended question is where the point of financial viability is for any conventional company paying 3X or more to buy alternative electric than it costs them to generate.  I don't know the answer; and I really am not aware of anyone who's tried to figure it out.  But it does exist.
