Study finds thinking leads to more thinking.

Thinking, your gateway drug to imagination.
I lost my religion long ago.  Had mostly to with with Muslim extremists murdering gay men in Arab countries, hanging them in Iran, executing them in Iraq....you get the picture...don't you?
As analytical as they come, it has only increased my belief.
I lost my religion long ago. Had mostly to do with with Christian extremists murdering people, hanging them, executing them, priests raping children ....you get the picture...don't you?
cite?  Or are you just spewing your hatred against the Lord?
Yes. Religion poisons everything.
Thanks, Capt. Obvious.
Who?
Which one? Zeus? Shiva? the Green Man? Ra? Allah? 

By the way, you do not act very Christian.
Please tell me how analysis improved your religion. Are you trolling or are you serious?
My mother is French Catholic. I became atheist at around the age of 8.
read the paper.
Analytic thinking can also undermine all sorts of common beliefs such as: global warming is real, sexuality is 100% genetic, government creates jobs, and Obama's Social Security number is legitimate.
Well, Duh...

Thinking analytically rid me of my delusion there was a god - and I was in my teens then.  That's why most organized criminals (sorry, I meant religions) discourage independent thought.  Have faith - don't worry about the troublesome details or FACTS.
Do you live in Iraq or Iran?  Were you previously a Muslim?  I'm sorry, but even as an atheist, I find your reasoning to be extremely odd.  I mean, that sucks and all, but why would you change who you are based on people you've never met and never will meet, why would you be so influenced by events on the other side of the world? 

At any rate, many members of many religions have done some very bad things, but I didn't give up my religion for that reason.  I don't blame religion for the fact that some people exploit it.  I'm not angry at religious people, I just intellectually disagree with their conclusions.
Who would have thought. Thinking with your thinker instead of your talker leads to loss of religion.
Trolling trolling trolling!  Sorry, I couldn't resist.  Stevanoski's a riot...  He always pretends to be such an amazing source of vast wisdom, but he never uses his powers to inform others or help persuade them to change their minds, he just uses it to fuel his own sense of superiority.  

I've always found that fascinating...  The whole concept of people who could use share their knowledge and experience to influence others, but instead choose to simply mock and belittle anyone who disagrees with them.  It's almost like they don't really even want anyone else to share their opinions, like it would somehow make them feel less special or something if others came around to their way of thinking.
Young and not a liberal, no heart; old and not conservative, no brain.
Analytic thinking also exposed Santa, the tooth fairy, and the Easter bunny.
I'm spewing hatred against the bastards that sell religion, salvation and fear - there is no "lord", no "god", no "devil", no "heaven", no "hell".  All that stuff is lies, designed to keep people subservient to a select few, when nobody knew any different.  Now we do.
Thinking also leads to belief.  That's how religions are born.
My lord is the Flying Spaghetti Monster.

Come join me for communion at his colander. The food is delicious!
People seem to think that "thinking" leads to disbelief which is faulty logic.  When analytical thinking doesn't result in definite answers all you have left is belief.
Isn't there a difference between belief in a Supreme Being, in whatever form she may manifest herself, and adherence to an organised religion?  For sake of argument, let us assume the universe was created by an intelligence beyond our imagination, in what way is my love and awe for that Power enhanced by another agency mediating how I express those feelings?
Most religions don't discourage independent thought. There are people in most religions who discourage certain kinds of thoughts, but most religions also have important traditions of critical philosophy within them, being done by people who find that critical thinking fits naturally with their religious understanding.
Keyword here is analytical.  I would hope everyone thinks.
Analytical thinking at least brought me to this conclusion: the arguments of most atheists against religion these days have no connection to reality. Most of them are stuck at a high-school level of critical thought when it comes to religious and philosophical topics.
I'd really like to know how they "measure" belief in God on a numerical scale. What does that even mean?
There are basically two forms of religion.  Jesus was crucified by the religious of his day.  The early Christian reformists were murdered and tortured by the then Christian church.  You see it all as one, but it's not.  
As far as intuitive reasoning goes, most people will tell you that it is very often correct.  Analytical reasoning can well be wrong.  Things aren't always what they appear.    
Your all inclusive statement is obviously false, yet you have no problem making it and may even believe it, but it's no different than claiming all blacks are lazy.  Those type of statements are unsupportable and only made by the ignorant.  Lenin said religion was the opiate of the masses and went on to execute 30,000 dissidents.   Russia, the land of national atheism, hasn't fared very well as far as compassionate treatment to it's own or anyone else goes.  Timothy 6:10
"For the love of money is the root of all evil..."
Much more supportable.
Someone had to have a good imagination to conjure a story about virgin births, holy zombies and wanton annihilation.
You say that as if he was disagreeing.
The World is just.  That proves God exists.
"but why would you change who you are based on people you've never met and never will meet, why would you be so influenced by events on the other side of the world? "

If people do bad things in the name of religion, the fact that the god of that religion does nothing to stop it, disproves that religion or proves that god is evil. Either way, something you dont want to worship
God says...
manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed
by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is.

3:14 If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall
receive a reward.

3:15 If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he
himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.

3:16 Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of
God dwelleth in you?  3:17 If any man defile the temple of God, him
shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are.
Not at all. All religions are equally bad . In the last 6000+ years, Christianity has only now started to clean up its act. Not fast enough but Muslims will follow as well in due time. Maybe another 1000 years all this bigotry and hate might go away.
It is also responsible for you being a pair of clown shoes, a prick, a douche bag, and an all around piece of shit. Analytic thinking would imply that someone actually took the time to do some research instead of listening to some half ass main stream news source tells them and accepting it without truly knowing what they are agreeing on, you fall into that category david to fucking stupid to read an article so long as you can spout of some pointless stupid conservative bullshit.
Just ate a bowl of spicy rAmen noodles with chicken chunks.
When it comes being based on truth there is no difference.

Your love and awe can be enhanced through ritual, song, a sense of community, added faith from surrounding yourself with others who share your delusion and the ability to accept ideas without question thus allowing you to accept ridiculous but convenient "truths" more easily
What about Buddhism? Is it as bad as Christianity?
Thinking maybe, but not critical thinking.  Probably more like emotional neediness and fear.
I think he IS more or less citing the bible and examining history.
Gays are smart.  Are you gay?
About as sharp as a sack of mud.  That would explain him.
I actually have no argument with you, but was, perhaps somewhat clumsily, trying to make a point to stevanoski regarding the subsequent reactions in this thread to the original article in SA.  We appear to have been diverted by stevanoski from that article; which is a pity, because it offers some interesting hypotheses.
Fits within their very narrow minded world view, yes.
GOD says, or the people who wrote the bible say?
Marx said "Religion is the opiate of the people". It's quite possible Lenin misquoted him but if he did it's a very obscure piece of history.
That's because religion is a farce and you cannot think critically within its confines.
If there were an evil god - and he had you for eternity - it would suck but you would probably want to warship it, or else!
I randomly crack open books.  God dwells within me, just like it said.
That wasn't nice but it mad me laugh.
All you have left is accepting that there are things you don't know. Simple analytical thinking will tell you that filling your knowledge gaps with faith will lead you to be wrong about important things. Things that have real consequences for yourself and others. It's socially irresponsible.
"Lenin, writing on Socialism and Religion, agreed with Marx that "Religion is opium for the people."

http://sfr-21.org/lenin-religion.html

Not really very obscure.
This is true of all religious people, but, as much as I hate to admit it, it's true of probably the majority of atheists. It takes a lot of time effort and self control to think objectively and most people don't seam to be interested in making that investment. Still, good reasoning will never lead you to religion.
Wow.  Is that how your brain works?

"When analytical thinking doesn't result in definite answers all you have left is belief."

Analytical thinking always results in definite answers.

Those answers may not provide the sum total of knowledge and wisdom in an instant - that's not how it works. It provides humans with the tools to carry out the act of experimentation, critical analysis, and direction for further hypothesis - the basis of human knowledge that has led to this computer I'm typing on.  It's the strongest tool we have as humans, and judging by the network of GPS satellites that tell my smartphone my location, or the electrical grid that powers the monitor in front of you - it's a pretty good system.

"Belief" (whatever the fuck that means) interrupts this process, by saying essentially: no further testing is necessary, we now understand the reason for things, and conveniently enough - we don't have to demonstrate its veracity. 

It shuts down critical thinking and leads to mental aberrations such as believing that completely impossible things can occur - like people rising from the dead and walking on water - things that if a person claimed them in this day and age, that person would be ridiculed as being a mental case.
I'm not arguing that, I'm was pointing out you're misquote and your mis-attribution of that quote because (a) you're wrong (b) Claiming that atheism in the Soviet union was any kind of factor in the problems there overlooks a lot of situational factors and seams pretty disingenuous unless you can point out some kind of mechanism (c) I'm feeling a little dickish. Nothing personal. I wish you the best and don't mean anything by it.
God says...
pick_me_pick_me good it_was_nothing catastrophe Dad ridiculous 
This_is_confusing that's_for_me_to_know I_was_sleeping 
in_practice You_fix_it go_ahead_make_my_day high_mucky_muck 
astronomical no_news_is_good_news you_don't_say You_know 
BBC caution Varoom what's_it_to_you downer furious astrophysics 
my_precious hit I_made_it_that_way man lust oh_no delicious 
services do_over na_na completely lift
Faith is wishing.
"(a) you're wrong"
It wasn't attributed.  The rest wouldn't have made sense if I said Marx said ... and went on to cite Lenin's killing of dissidents.

"(b) Claiming that atheism in the Soviet union was any kind of factor in the problems there overlooks a lot of situational factors and seams pretty disingenuous unless you can point out some kind of mechanism "

I was using it to show how ridiculous the original statement was.  It's exactly the same logic sequence.  Religion doesn't poison anything nor does atheism.   You can't make blanket statements like that, but it also proves the statement false, since religion obviously wasn't the "poison" for Lenin murdering dissidents, nor was it for about a million other events that somehow get excluded when atheists make that statement or something to the effect that religion is the cause of every war, blah, blah.    I don't know how people can make ignorant statements like that and yet claim to be thinkers.  

"(c) I'm feeling a little dickish. Nothing personal. I wish you the best and don't mean anything by it."

Same here.  Enjoy your empty and Godless life, assuming you are atheist.
Can you elaborate?
Religions were born to control the masses. Read a historian book and you would know this.
You honestly need citation for this? Do you know any history at all?
God says...

31:3 The LORD hath appeared of old unto me, saying, Yea, I have loved
thee with an everlasting love: therefore with lovingkindness have I
drawn thee.

31:4 Again I will build thee, and thou shalt be built, O virgin of
Israel: thou shalt again be adorned with thy tabrets, and shalt go
forth in the dances of them that make merry.

31:5 Thou shalt yet plant vines upon the mountains of Samaria: the
planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common things.

31:6 For there shall be a day, that the watchmen upon the mount
Ephraim shall cry, Arise ye, and let us go up to Zion unto the LORD
our God.
Please stop being a douchenozzle.  That is all.
God says...
gracious and full of compassion.

111:5 He hath given meat unto them that fear him: he will ever be
mindful of his covenant.

111:6 He hath shewed his people the power of his works, that he may
give them the heritage of the heathen.

111:7 The works of his hands are verity and judgment; all his
commandments are sure.

111:8 They stand fast for ever and ever, and are done in truth and
uprightness.
A good apple in a basket of rotten ones is not worth the basket.
Apparently the idiots burying me don't know what it means either.
Yeah, that.  That's what I mean.  The part where you're not really saying ANYTHING, you're just spamming the comments with bible quotes. 

It's not discourse - it's the negation of discourse. It would be like if I just wrote:

"Jesus licked my balls last night and it was rough like a cat's tongue." Or "Jesus took it up the ass every night from all 12 apostles."  Or "Jesus stuck his fingers in some doody and rubbed it on the communion wafers - tasted divine!"  

While some of these statements may be factual - they aren't really adding anything to the discussion.  There's a reason you're being consistently dugg down - it's because you're a religio-spammer and nobody fucking cares for it.
God said it's a covenant that I hold-up my end of the conversation before consulting Him.  "Seek and yea shall find."  You have to take the initiative.  Why don't you randomly crack open a book.

God says...
cause to inherit the desolate heritages; 49:9 That thou mayest say to
the prisoners, Go forth; to them that are in darkness, Shew
yourselves. They shall feed in the ways, and their pastures shall be
in all high places.

49:10 They shall not hunger nor thirst; neither shall the heat nor sun
smite them: for he that hath mercy on them shall lead them, even by
the springs of water shall he guide them.

49:11 And I will make all my mountains a way, and my highways shall be
exalted.
Yeah, no, you're doing it again.  It's tedious.
Did you crack-open a book?  What did it say?

God says...
C:\Text\WALDEN.TXT

stone bottle which dangled by a string
from his belt; and sometimes he offered me a drink.  He came alongearly, crossing my bean-field, though without anxiety or haste toget to his work, such as Yankees exhibit.  He wasn't a-going to hurthimself.  He didn't care if he only earned his board.  Frequently hewould leave his dinner in the bushes, when his dog had caught awoodchuck by the way, and go back a mile and a half to dress it andleave it in the cellar of the house where he boarded, after
d
No - that's a book that contains those words - a book, written by men, to control men.
A book - nothing more.
god died the first time a man thought for himself, deciding NOT to believe the bullshit being fed to him by a lying cleric.
There is no god - when you die you die.
Get over it.
There is a conspiracy to discourage miracles.  Ouija boards are frowned-up.  Why?  If tongues is kosher, why not ouija?  If you randomly crack-open a book, they call that occult.  Yet, the Bible says you have to take the initiative.  "Seek and you shall find; Knock and it will be opened."

God says...
C:\Text\WALDEN.TXT

mer, as one rambles into higher and higher grass.
    Thus was my first year's life in the woods completed; and the
second year was similar to it.  I finally left Walden September 6th,
1847.

                            Conclusion

    To the sick the doctors wisely recommend a change of air and
scenery.  Thank Heaven, here is not all the world.  The buckeye does
not grow in New England, and the mockingbird is rarely heard here.
The wild goose is more of a cosmopolite than we; he breaks his fast
If you truly believe the world is just then you have a serious error in your thought processes.
Healthy people are not atheists.  90% are not atheist.  Atheist doctors are an abomination.  Atheist is a sick mentality that obsesses on evolution and girls hate it.  An atheist will not find love.  They are sick NAZIs.  All atheists are NAZI.

God says...

C:\Text\PLATO.TXT

y half a man and far
too easy-going: adding all the other complaints about her own
ill-treatment which women are so fond of rehearsing.

Yes, said Adeimantus, they give us plenty of them, and their
complaints are so like themselves.

And you know, I said, that the old servants also, who are supposed to be
attached to the family, from time to time talk privately in the same
strain to the son; and if they see any one who owes money to his father,
or is wronging him in any way, and he falls to prose
I'm a professional scholar of religion (specifically in Western philosophical theology and religion and politics), so I know the Western traditions of religious thought pretty darn well. The arguments offered by popular "new atheist" types and by "scientific" skeptics out there right now simply aren't taken seriously by pretty much anybody in the academic study of religion, even among those who don't profess personal religious belief. The main reason is because most of these authors simply don't know what they're talking about when it comes to religion. On a very basic level, the pop atheist arguments rely on gross overgeneralizations, strawmen, and in many cases outright factual errors. The critics rarely seem to understand wehat they're criticizing, and they have a tendency to reduce large, complext systems to their crudest fundamentalist interpretations.

Too many atheists tend to be too caught up in this antiquated strawman that pits a purely objective empirical science (often ignoring philosophers of science and epistemologists who complicate our picture of how scientific thought can function) against a purely subjective, absolutely uncritical "faith." Too many will argue with a straight face, like the sorry fool two posts above yours, that religious belief necessarily traps a person in some kind of epistemic prison that prevents us from ever being as rational or as critical as an atheist "freethinker" naturally is. In the end, they rely on an argument that basically amounts to, "I'm rational, because I believe I'm rational, and you're an idiot because you disagree with me."

Not to be boastful, but my knowledge of religious thought far exceeds that of the vast majority of atheists out there (as it should be, because they pay me to study the stuff 50 hours a week), yet most of the outspoken atheists I encounter absolutely refuse to believe that the reason I don't find Richard Dawkins or Christopher Hitchens convincing is that I have legitimate, rational reasons based on my open-minded, critical study of the Western intellectual to think that they don't make a strong case. For too many atheists, all it can ever come down to is that I'm an irrational moron, or, if they're trying to be nice, that I might be a smart guy, but I've been colonized by some faith virus that prevents me from thinking clearly about the God question.

What the debate comes down to is ultimately a conflict between a kind of "scientistic" hardline empiricism, on the one hand, and everything else on the other hand. Pop atheism has become so thoroughly entrenched in the thought-patterns of a certain kind of scientism that it's taken on a very fundamentalistic inability to imagine that anybody outside that thought-world actually be able to think rationally and critically.

In short: the atheist arguments aren't critical enough. They lack the humility that comes from constant self-critique of their own assumptions and methodologies. I, a blind old religious sheep that I am, am far, far more critical of my own most cherished assumptions that what most atheists I run across seem to be of theirs.
Blacks think it is unjust.  An African sits on his ass and wants the white man's goods.  It's okay to be poor, just do not covet. Jesus was a poor hippy.
Chavez was blaming America,.  God said "Japan industrious".

Africa was complaining, God said a stone quarry was good.  Europe built roads from stones, but Africa STILL hasn't done that!

God cannot be resisted.

God says...
C:\Text\WEALTH.TXT

all its profits, they regularly
occasion the reproduction of the rent of the landlord. This rent may be
considered as the produce of those powers of Nature, the use of which
the landlord lends to the farmer. It is greater or smaller, according
to the supposed extent of those powers, or, in other words, according to
the supposed natural or improved fertility of the land. It is the work
of Nature which remains, after deducting or compensating every thing
which can be regarded as the work of man. It is
I'm just saying, they aren't equally bad. They vary in their badness.
I get you, your point is good. 

I think religion is poison but it certainly doesn't poison everything, it isn't the only poison, and it certainly does do some good.

Enjoy your empty godly life, assuming you're a theist.
What...? Sounds like you need to adjust your meds.
What...? Sounds like you need to adjust your meds.
The problem is believers don't do miracles!  Religion did not come from philosophy, it was revealed.  Of course philosophy is worthless for proving God!  God hides from the wise and knowlegdable and reveals to the child-like.

 Countless simple believers have been delighted when they randomly crack-open the Bible and it speaks.  That will work as long as you hold-up your end of the conversation.  You get out of prayer what you put into it.  Picking a greeting card is the kind of love  effort God wants.  God wants praise not sacrifice; knowledge of God not holocaust.
GawD gave me a brain to disbelieve the bullshit.

Now everyone go eat a bible and pass the word!
Dear God.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Let those who have ears hear?  Jesus kept secrets.
God says rubbish or worse if you do not hold-up your end.  On the other hand, if I stoke the fire with good praise we get time travel!  Thats where you learn why everybody says He planned everything from the beginning.  The whole Bible makes sense.  You come to understand "inspired word of God".

God says...
woundest betook forethinking eagle's Thence tamer increasing 
borrow abide lawful puppies bin Drunkenness imaginations 
common Weight forgot apart salted Emperor's cogitated 
Minerva partaker invest NO lovest Goal Professorship print 
bends fast foresaw result greedily compendiously sadness 
agony jeer called
Your point being?  It's all very nice to crow about your knowledge of Western religious tradition, but are you making an argument for the existence of God, or are you just taking a dump on a-theists to tout your academic credentials?

The onus is certainly on any who claim that miracles have occurred, or that Jesus was a supernatural being.  I myself prefer Joe Campbell's take on religion and the mono-myth, does that make me a dumb atheist?  I find much more inspiration from Frazer's the Golden Bough than I ever have from the Old or New testaments.

And what are the assumptions that a-theists are making?  Care to define them?  I don't see much assumption - I see simply critical minds waiting for real evidence.  Yes, atheists can be annoying - mostly those who weren't critical enough in the first place, brainwashed by their communities and families into accepting non-truths as fact.  Their rage is in direct proportion to their feelings of being duped and mislead.

I cannot disprove the existence of a "higher power", a "Source", or a "Grand Designer."  However, I can certainly dismiss the greater portion of the Bible as being the mythology of primitive peoples with primitive minds.  For instance, the Jews being slaves in Egypt - the historical record does not support this, yet many Jews and Christians accept this as historical fact.  Is this rational?

I can also make a case for the idea that religion has created untold misery - from the Crusades, to the Inquisition, to the Conquest, to the current pedophilia rampant in the Catholic Church.  I cannot make much of a case for a-theism leading to moral decline.

In the end, the Bible may be fascinating to you, but surely a scholar such as yourself recognizes that this book is riddled with inconsistencies, falsehoods, and unsupportable claims.  As such, how can a rational person make dedicate their lives to its principles - especially when such severe editing is required to reconcile its arbitrary morality?
Logically if you think about religion you find it is not logical
God said "prosparity sucks" one time.  My thought was decadence.  Just recently, He hinted at increased energy usage.  You can really get your compass dinged.  What about hiding from the wise and revealing to children?  Jesus praised that.  Should we not mess with it?  

An idea I had was that prodigal son guilt might be required.  "Who loves more, the man forgiven a big or little debt?"

God says...

7:23 And they truly were many priests, because they were not suffered
to continue by reason of death: 7:24 But this man, because he
continueth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood.

7:25 Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come
unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.

7:26 For such an high priest became us, who is holy, harmless,
undefiled, separate from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;
7:27 Who needeth not daily, as those high priests, to offer up
sacrifice, first for his own sins, and then for the people's: for this
he did once, when he offered up himself.
Thank you for your reply. I feel lucky that you are willing to engage on this topic.

 think you sound very rational, and that given the same starting place as I have, you have come to different conclusions. You are clearly educated, and more importantly, deeply immersed about the subject. What frustrates me about your claims of superior tinkling, is that though you refer to your credentials (which I believe without hesitation) and to more sophisticated and nuanced argument, you never make those arguments (at least in my short exposure to your posts). I, for one, am interested to hear the reasons that you have for declaring argument similar to my own thinking as sophomoric and crude (my terms not yours).

My reductive thinking and "scientistic" arguments satisfy me as being an accurate model for what can be observed. That there are possible "realities" beyond the ability of science to detect and describe, is likely. Science, technology, and theory all advance in fits and starts and it is a basic tenet of science that there will always be things which we do not know, even as we make new discoveries all of the time. Science accepts this, which is why most facts established in science are embedded in manifold "theories". This term theory is usually misunderstood by people with a fetish for absolute statements to mean that the facts associated with them are less than factual. That is a common misunderstanding.

Regarding my ability to think beyond a "scientistic" world-view, I too am very familiar with a broad, and in some areas, fairly deep cross-section of the history of philosophy and religion. This includes epistemology (which I understand as the study of what can be known), phenomenology, formal logic (to a small extent), rationalism, structuralism, post-structuralism, logical-positivism, ontology, as well as ideas like nihilism, solipsism and many other philosophical concepts.

I have also made a fairly comprehensive study of both the theory and literature of religious and spiritual ideas. I have read The Bible (new testament) in 2 versions and several translations, cover to cover. I have also read the apocrypha, the Pentatuch, the entire old testament, The Koran, some of Martin Luther's writing, The Egyptian Book of The Dead, The Tibetan Book of The Dead, The Baghadvagita, Buddhacarita, and many lesser texts in a wide variety of cultures and periods in history.

It is true, I am not paid to study these topics for 50 hours a week. Actually, my studies are untutored and unpaid. I am a layman. I do it out of love for the subjects, and my fascination with the variety of human tradition and outlooks. And I will admit to another agenda; I was born, reared and remain a "stone cold atheist" (again my term) and have always been fascinated with and amazed by the degree to which others, given the same opportunity for observation, have come to completely different conclusions about meaning and the nature of reality. I did not turn away from religion and spirituality. I never had it. Intellectually, I can create though constructs within which any of that makes sense and enjoy changing the variables within those closed thought systems to accommodate different forms of belief. But, I have never been able to understand religiosity or spirituality at the emotional level. That is why I have spent so much time and effort educating myself about subjects that I do not believe in or expect to believe in. I feel, at best, sympathy (not in the pejorative sense) for people who do, but never empathy.

Perhaps your assumptions about many "Atheists" who post here are correct, but I ask you to consider that some of us (and I usually do not use that term, preferring to define myself, not in terms of a lack of god, but as one with an entirely naturalistic outlook) are familiar with more of the material that you value, in spit of coming to conclusions that you deem simplistic and crude. I ask you to, also, open your mind. I find it ironic that I often know more about Christianity than some Christians do. I would never assume that anyone is ignorant with out asking first. Of course it's socially awkward to come out and ask "How much do you know about what you believe?". So, like you, I am usually left to deduce from their ideas what they might know, but always (I try anyway) with humility.

Thanks, again, for engaging on this topic. I find it refreshing to exchange ideas with passionate thinkers. I hope that you do to, in spite of our different conclusions.
And please forgive the many, many typos and grammar errors that are in the above. I find this medium challenging. In spite of them, I hope that you find the above coherent.
Do you believe in relativity?  Why?

Crack open a book like I said after talking to God and praising Him with effort.
I actually feel sorry for him, apparently there was too much lead in the well water in the cult compound he was raised in.
Interesting you went for the race card. Here I was thinking about the nut job who killed 90+ teens.  In a just word he would suffer horribly before death.  Instead he'll get 22 years.
Or the child of our friend who died of neuroblastoma at 6 after relapses of the cancer.

If that is your god being just your god is as much of a dumb fuck as you.
You're full of false indignation.  You love evolution.

God says...
C:\Text\YANKEE.TXT

 degrees, and to gnaw
a little at this and that and the other superstition, and so prepare
the way gradually for a better order of things.  I was turning on
my light one-candle-power at a time, and meant to continue to do so.

I had scattered some branch schools secretly about the kingdom,
and they were doing very well.  I meant to work this racket more
and more, as time wore on, if nothing occurred to frighten me.
One of my deepest secrets was my West Point--my military academy.
I kept that most
You are not far from the truth.  Evolution is not exactly an afterthought in Creation.  What would teen-age male video games be like if there had never been war?

I like the genius who said "how could a loving God not cause the discovery of anestheticas centuries sooner?"

God says...
C:\Text\DARWIN.TXT

wn that the
genus Chthamalus existed during the Chalk period.  Lastly, many great
deposits, requiring a vast length of time for their accumulation, are
entirely destitute of organic remains, without our being able to assign any
reason:  one of the most striking instances is that of the Flysch
formation, which consists of shale and sandstone, several thousand,
occasionally even six thousand feet in thickness, and extending for at
least 300 miles from Vienna to Switzerland; and although this great mas

I hope that's not lost on you.
I have read that book, as I said above, four times, cover to cover. The magic did not happen for me. I am probably not able to achieve that uncritical state of mind that you seem to think is essential. I am not so constituted.
Regarding relativity, I do believe in it, to a point. It has some holes, but has demonstrated utility. If it were not mostly true, the experimental and practical operations that are based on it would not work. So, yes, imperfect as it is, I believe it. That is the nature of science. Never perfect, by definition.
You have to make it fit the context of your offering by taking it out of context.  Cain and Abel is the most important story in the Bible.  They tried different stuff until they pelased God.  God obviously talked.  Here's what's so incredible -- Cain was so jealous He killed Abel!
I take relativity on faith.  I cannot prove it myself.
I can't parse your comment. I do not understand the phrase "make it fit the context of your offering".  I do not read anything as an offering. I am not sure that I even know what that means.
Faith, as I see it, is wishing.
Praise God for something... like the smell of rain or how no empire has locked-in control on Earth or how we have 5 different sources of energy all viable economically. 

I prasied God for sand castles.

Then randomly open the Bible.

I'll help you interpret if you report what popped-up.

God says...
C:\Text\PILGRIM.TXT

 on your pilgrimage without them, in some sort or
other.  You have found something of the truth of these testimonies
upon you already, and more will immediately follow; for now, as
you see, you are almost out of this wilderness, and therefore you
will soon come into a town that you will by and by see before you;
and in that town you will be hardly beset with enemies, who will
strain hard but they will kill you; and be you sure that one or
both of you must seal the testimony which you hold, with bloo
Do you not understand that the referent in English, or any other language, has only abstract meaning for me. I read it as a noun with no actuality beyond the word. It is a concept, a symbol but not a real thing. I cannot do what you suggest above in the spirit that you seem to mean it. Reading The Bible did not make me susceptible to the belief espoused by it's messages. Quite to the contrary, it left me wondering why anyone would. I did enjoy parts of it for a number of reasons. I am not now spiritual, nor, I suspect, will I ever be. I am not so constituted. But thank you for what I choose to understand as evidence of your concern for me, a stranger. I appreciate your willingness to share your experience. I find it interesting.
If you randomly open the Bible after you talk to God for a while, you make it fit what you were talking about.  You bend it like the way you interpret cloud shapes or tea leaves or ink blots.

http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1%20Corinthians%202&version=NIV
the most dangerous thing is that many very religious people
think that good deeds are only good if don in the name of their lord,
and people can only be good people if they too follow that lord.
right there they make their opponents into things rather then humans 
and when it's not "real" humans but rather "demons" killing them in the "end times" is
soo much easier
That makes no sense to me. Randomness is fun, and I enjoy serendipity, but finding meaning in it is rare. Also, your familiarity with the book probably makes it difficult to generate truly random results. There are probably all kinds of bias' in the method you use to choose a page and passage. I am not sure how the exercise would benefit to me, but it does sound fun.
women should have the right to vote
people of different races should be allowed to marry 
sex before marriage
that people should not be made into slaves
that torture is wrong
that earth is more then 6000 years old

all sort of crazy stuff that 
those communist, nazi deamon lizard people try to trick us with
from their secret hide out deep under the south pole with their wast armies of albino penguins
"Filled with the Holy Spirit" means you are puppeted.

The goal should be to enjoy God's company.  I do random words.

God says...
encumbered beloved gay inspiration err distraction lethargy teach excellence mindful unthought usual objections experience members enteredst name's shrunk magnified perceive superstition infirmity secret proclaiming wind taken singular peaceful 
despairing architects magical swept trembled missing recovered toil dishes destroy Husband violent departed answerest transforming hoped trusting intenseness settling Hereat unintelligible Her below pollution manners relaxation Begotten unfair rocks signified fame e nine Nevertheless 
wide famous pressed benefit brought officers exhibit redistributing dreams varying variations displays ever endurance stay intercourse household
Do you realize how Dadaist that is? I't sounds like poetry. I like it.
On rare occassions God delights me.  He said His favorite animals are bears and elephants.  I asked what bears like.  Smelly diapers.  I asked what elephants think about.  Skin and hunger.  I asked what makes my birds happy.  Gnawing.  I asked what makes my birds laugh.  If they bite me and I say ouch.  I asked what bronosaurus think about.  They have to step tenderly.  I asked if stegasuarus was lame like a turtle.  "Not pet rock"

War?  "Servicemen competing"

Faith healing?  "It's complicated"

"spilt candle" was really poetic.
I don't do ouija board mode often, but it is a good
 teaching method.

First, I need to hold-up my end of the conversation.  That's critical.  How about... we ask God... He said Highlander was one of His favorite movies.  How about favorite song.  I'm sure He's got angels.

God says...
p x k d g u l d z u a c e d j v t l i j f l x m f d i a 
n w o o o g h v e p s d x t p t q j w m l f e i a b o 
a i r h w v c j o c o v t b h l s p d q g t e k q b x 
h p y l u u d z o j k z o k u r e a l q x z g r v r x 
w d u i p a d h p u s w j g d t v t t l i o c q v p d 
s d p f v p b c r z z p q t p w a f p n i a p e h o c 
b j o w a c z e l k e g m o a z o e j r r k i z j h c
Hope is wishing.
Mom said Hell was the absense of God.  Heaven must be God's company.  What's new in the Gamma quadrant, God?  You like Star Trek or Star Wars better?  Harry Potter or Tolkien?

God says...
intended double Confessions Greek
I asked God what He thought of the Avatar movie, as a Creator.  God said, "Sick skin".

What do You think of Star Ship Troopers?

God says...
command silenced guarded Future 'knock erred sure undistracted eight gardens recur belongeth provision boiling benefit displays rods saved commits keep contained afterward mget enlightened derived copies contemn seal weariness rolling 
David treasures sour riper fervent shamelessness exhibit knocking additional upright marrying Moreover debts remain BREACH wheresoever laid Firmament smaller Upon neighbour judgements sores stormy plenty rightful references perish 
imitating concludeth redeem mistresses unfailingly calling
Let's ask God His favorite flavor of skittles.

Umm... I like berry, I guess.

God says...
brides concerning haled lizard Head thirsted stole contentiousness prescribes pleasures blade rash biting quicker Too burthen litigation bustle disposed revenge speak harsh multipliedst loose disclose else subordinate fearfully
How about we ask God His favorite musical.  I like music man.

God says...
modesty healthfully admonished foundations languishing resigned needs otherwhiles Carthage wonder billion differ Psalms PUNITIVE molest CAN though spectator strength crossed spring agreement confer styled deluding wages upborne skin Epistles extolled adulteress implanted broughtest generate narrow rash displeaseth marriageable tide cloven 
admirable your vouchsafedst fixed privation parties exhausted prizes Legal Life succour despisest wretched file hence Stand Foundation header ariseth Law withdraw secrets foreconceived unlike acceptably Take fixedly Copyright students 
stands adorned forming intention Mammon fragrance participation estranged uncertainty bathe over effected burning alluring aged exclude yesterday Maker None faint org wants
Let's ask God about dinosaurs.  Were velocirapters bad-ass?  What do You think of the movie Aliens?  I'm kinda glad they're not God!  Sick puppies.  People like it if You are naughty.  I've learned that's not wise.  There's that wasp that puts eggs in spiders.  Those are the exception.

God says...
brighter intenseness prolix pander alter shamelessness entangle reproof demander upbraid withdrawn avert bubblings abstract buckler dens torrent feigned achieve offspring father's faculty unharmonising diseases consulters some stank slothful inhabited sight numerous medium stipend lips Evil command implanted willedst loveth price Difficulty sick extollers observes mislike generations deprived hand tookest rather thanksgivings spider's swine sentiment step name's enquirers appointments glowing shamefulness conveying regeneratedst nod deceitful fiercest science flowing mostly goodness work beneath people's detesting judge affection conjectures adversary noise virtue meat beholding abide lessen Go corpse Helpidius rush satisfactorily harsh psaltery temporately 
envying purpose World loses dream While silenced employed commanding Archive injury incensed auditors emptiness raised certainly rejected Circensian Divers spectators prevail flee looks becometh Milan stank dearer ridiculous idol Angels Wisdom try ball halved array savoury Son shalt 
reference Hosts captious checking Valentinian multitude Arians partaketh despiseth handkerchief called nativity joined My early continency measured madly Academics delayed affairs bitterly vanity revolting sufficed moan entrails erred observes exists Send alike fog images drank
God, what's Your favorite video game?  I think You said Donkey Kong.  How about modern?

God says...
piercing You irons pilgrimage hoar nests prophet unto tilde fears petulantly renew purchase orator childish definitely again Learn emerge
Off topic, I saw this on Hollywood and pirating:

http://torrentfreak.com/mpaa-boss-forgets-hollywoods-pirate-history-120428/

I generally think God is just, but Jacob in the Bible had hutspa and God loved Jacob.

God says...
experience processors numbers energy Though malignant Each whence lungs fictions imperfections changest unfeigned returning Where counts allow prohibition exhausted reconciliation ere chosen position
There are "analytical thinkers" out there in the medical and scientific communities who still believe in religion. I guess that makes the study's findings inconclusive. 

But, as for me, I don't believe in Religion. I believe in God, whatever the true nature of this "God" is that humans have been anthropomorphizing since way-back-when.
Why believe when it's possible to know?? 
Belief is only for things that can't be known.
Why are you being dug down?!
Would you have believed me if i said that i am the son of god? No, why? because there are tons of evidence that contradict that statement. By believing in religion someone ignores those evidences completely and submit to ignorance. Why would god give us minds and free will if our destiny is to simply submit to chains and boundaries?
religion is created because a cave man saw thunder and he didn't know why it happened. so, he came up with the explanation "God created thunder"
So the cave man had synesthesia?
No, he probably guessed it
stating the obvious is the best way to fight ignorance
Believing in imaginary sky fairies is bad no matter how you look at it.
hey muffcakes. You seem to be wrong a lot. Might want to think before you type.
You never miss a beat to be a biased, hate filled bigot, don't you Davey old boy. Go back to your bible and leave the critical thinking to the grown ups.
Critical thinking fail.
There is no god.
Why think when you can just believe?
http://www.usofts.com/diplomat-website/
"Analytical Thinking can Undermine Belief" - But so can Education. Unfortunately there are still a lot of literate folk (as against educated persons) who still belief there is some super blackhole in the sky who will come and solve their problems in the nick of time. The "God" will solve global warming, population growth. embrace all his children (which does not include any other species but Homo Sapiens) and take us to salvation. Amen.
/
I'm not necessarily accusing YOU of crude thinking, I'm just poiting out a general observation, shared pretty universally among constructive religion scholars (including atheist theologians--and yes, they exist), is that the popular arguments put forward by the most popular "mass-market" atheists show a lack of sometimes even basic familiarity with what they're criticizing. And then, to make matters worse, a lot of them will turn around and justify their own ignorance by using shitty arguments like P. Z. Myers's "Courtier's reply," which don't seem to grasp the criticism that theologians are making, which is that most of the arguments of the pop atheists seem to target a rather fundamentalist conception of God that most theologians left behind as teenagers. Popular atheist literature seems to be a mirror image of popular Christian apologetics, which is equally bad; rather does it venture into serious engagement with real theological scholarship.

One prominent example of this is the popular dichotomy between "faith" and "reason," which almost not university theologian recognizes as an accurate description of the Christian tradition's approach to thought, let alone "religion" as a whole. I don't know a single mainline theologian out there who operates like the new atheist critics insist that religious thought is supposed to operate.

Of course, I can't comment on YOUR particular arguments since I'm not familiar with them. These are just general observations from popular literature and from Internet forums. But believe me, I fully recognize that not all atheists are bad thinkers. I'm adamantly opposed to the attitude that says that a person is irrational just because they've come to a different conclusion on a controversial topic. Even within theology, I have atheist colleagues, some of whom I respect a great deal and whose insights improve my own thought. The whole problem I have with the typical "Internet atheist" is their typical arrogant refusal to be an actual dialogue partner with people who don't share their basic assumptions. It's the lack of intellectual humility and serious self-criticism that gets to me, because those are the intellectual virtues I most prize and can most respect in anyone, no matter what they believe; so an atheist who is genuinly willing to teach and be taught is as admirable to me as anybody else.

My basic position, which you seem to share, is that people an disagree at even the most fundamental level, and both can still be equally rational. Both arguments can be equally "good." We all end up in different places not just because some of us are more rational than others, but because reason and analysis only get us so far before our personal histories and personal dispositions, our hopes and fears, and other non-rational (but not irrational) factors lead us to evaluate the same evidence in different ways. So I don't have any disrespect for a sincere atheist who studies the material and comes to a different conclusion, even if I can never fully understand where his conclusion comes from or fully sympathize with it. My gripe is only with those who try to portray their position as the only rational one and who resort to mockery of  anybody who doesn't agree.
I'm not making an argument for the existence of God. Where did I claim I was going to do that here?

Your love for Frazer's *Golden Bough* would be a very good example of what I'm talking about. The book is extremely outdated. Scholarship has moved along quite a bit in the last century, and you can't rely on a book like that for an understanding of what contemporary scholarship thinks. It would be like ending your study of physics with Aristotle.

The fact that you can't even realize that you make assumptions is a huge intellectual blind-spot. WE ALL MAKE ASSUMPTIONS. Thought doesn't proceed without assumptions.

You make assumptions about the nature of evidence and how to weigh different evidences against each other. Everyone does this. But there is a whole field of philosophy called epistemology that's all about studying how it is we might go about knowing things, and even a cursory study of its history reveals that very intelligent people have held a lot of different ideas about how treat evidence. The fact of the matter is that if you can't think past the assumption that religious claims have to be based on evidences that are like scientific evidence, or that religion is really even all about making claims that are analogous to scientific claims, you aren't going to be able to really understand what theologians (and even philosophers) and doing. Meanwhile, we theologians and philosophers sit back and ask for convincing arguments for your assumptions, and we typically don't get them. The point is, you aren't superior to us, and you aren't more rational or critical than us, simply because you aren't convinced by your arguments, because we aren't convinced by yours either, and we find your evidences lacking.

My plea is for people like you to give people like me at least a little benefit of the doubt. Yes, I am fully aware of the myriad problems in the BIble and other religious texts. But I'm also aware of the long, rich histories of dealing with these problems. We aren't all a bunch of fundamentalists. You'd do well to learn that.
Typical anti-God, anti-religious crap from another Athiest controlled university. Whole study was flawed. Did not mention the religious beliefs of all the participants. Were they all equally religious or not? More anti-Christ garbage.
Typical anti-God, anti-religious crap from another Athiest controlled university. Whole study was flawed. Did not mention the religious beliefs of all the participants. Were they all equally religious or not? More anti-Christ garbage.
Ok. That sounds like it is roughly equivalent to my own concerns about respect.I am glad.
"Your all inclusive statement is obviously false..." No, it isn't.

"it's no different that claiming all blacks are lazy." Yes, it is.

Considering you didn't support your claims refuting my claims that I didn't support, I'm just going to leave it at that.
Such as? Maybe you should talk to more intelligent atheists who put some time into the discussion.
You can read my lengthy responses to the other commenters if you want to know what I'm talking about.
I'm well aware that a book published in 1890 is outdated, sir.  Much like your precious New Testament.  It is saddled with British notions of moral superiority and the colonial mindset typical of the age.  I find it no less inspirational as one of the first modern attempts to sift through historical mythology from a cultural perspective.  Which is why I mentioned it.

"if you can't think past the assumption that religious claims have to be based on evidences that are like scientific evidence, or that religion is really even all about making claims that are analogous to scientific claims, you aren't going to be able to really understand what theologians (and even philosophers) are doing"

Why should theologians receive a special dispensation to ignore the demands for evidence of their claims?  Because they are dealing with poetical interpretation?

The idea of the Bible being God's word is essential to the power it yields in the world.  This is not speculative, sir, these are the conditions on the ground.  If Jesus did not rise from the dead after being crucified, it casts certain doubts upon the idea that he was the "Son of God."  And if the New Testament ISN'T historically accurate - what does that say about the rest of the information it contains?

I'm sorry but theologians cannot live in a hermetically sealed world of their own making.  I understand full well the activities of philosophers and theologians and I give credit to a rich tradition of thought arising from these activities, from Diogenes to Thomas Aquinas to Sir Issac Newton, among many, many others.  Worthwhile reading, without a doubt.  What I object to is the elevated place given to Christianity and the Christ, as the arbiters of moral behavior, ESPECIALLY, in a world that has left these men behind, as it should be.

The situation in America is dire, sir.  When Christians fight for the right to ignorance, it poses a very real dilemma to this nation.  Anyone who justifies an anti-science stance based on writings from an ancient tome should be denigrated and publicly humiliated.  What the scholars and academicians who engage in these arguments fail to understand and what you seem not to understand, is that you can't have it both ways.  One cannot say: well I am a Christian and I support the Christian religion, yet my particular take is benevolent and therefore should be tolerated.  I'm afraid it's all or nothing, on the matter of veracity.

I don't fault you your study of these fascinating texts.  I fault you your inability to separate fact from mythology when it serves your preconceived ideas.  Or were you raised without religion and came to it through your academic researches? 

Let me ask you this:  if you submitted a paper on the socio-political influence of early Christians on the shift of the Roman capitol to Byzantium, would your paper not be subjected to academic scrutiny in the exact same manner in which a paper of mine on Neutral Field Turbulence submitted to the Cambridge Journal of Plasma Physics?

In the end, I find your assertion that theologians are exempt from rigorous analysis to be academically dishonest and laughably self-serving.

Again I ask you - what assumptions made by a-theists do you object to specifically? As to the "benefit of the doubt" you refer to - I'm sorry but extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.  Your awareness of the "long, rich histories of dealing with these problems" as regards the ecumenical councils and the endless debate of what constitutes biblical canon seems to have clouded your judgment as to what is real and what is the provenance of man's imagination.
Anti-Christ-is-divine not-garbage*

You can believe in living in some Christ-like fashions without believing that Jesus Christ was divine, born of a virgin, or even existed; being anti-nonsense is not being anti-Christian.
I have done so. I suspect part of the issue you're noticing is related to the high number of theists whose beliefs are supported by similar pop-culture ideas. It's depressing how many people have only a passing interest in what they profess to believe, regardless of what they believe in in particular.
I feel that, with respect, it is definitely a willful choice to include arguments and evidence beyond empiricism. Calling empiricism limited is fair. It is very much so, by design. Those limitations are an effort to reduce the infinitude of possibility that lurks in the areas beyond the self-imposed borders of that which can be directly observed. Most "Atheist" thinkers that I have encountered are capable, if not particularly inclined, of the nuanced and abstract reasoning required to engage in the kind of expanded theosophy which you seem to espouse and engage in. The problem with it (for me and I suspect others who share my proclivities) is that, regardless of the internal rigor and nuance of a line of reasoning that extends outside the bounds of the observable universe, there are assumptions at the outset of all of the ideas which are required but are unsupported. To us, there is no difference between that sort of assumption and any other like it. We (and I am generalizing) do not make "qualitative" distinctions between ideas because their qualities are a matter of choice and taste of the thinker who assumes them. To us (again, I am speaking broadly) there is no distinction between an unsupported assumption which leads to the conclusion that the Judeo-Christian God is the source of all things and one which leads to the conclusion that everything is generated by the single self that exists alone in a tiny universe of it's own making. The arguments which favor one over the other, we view as constructs, and they seem to us to be aimed at proving assumptions (read as, God exists or other such claims) rather than discovery. A naturalist, in their best moments, does not set out to prove anything, but through rigor, ends up establishing facts. We have no mission, agenda or intent when we do science/philosophy/critical thinking. Rather we seek what can be known.

The very limits that you seem to find so small-minded are all we can be relatively certain about. Beyond first-principles (which we can all agree are a set of shared assumptions like reality is internally constant and time is linear) everything that we know is inference. Limiting assumptions that require more assumptions to support them is the crux of our (again, I am taking the liberty of representing a class of thought) values. Poor old Ockham would probably be dismayed that the rule of thumb he valued so highly and used so ineffectively in his attempt to prove God, is broadly used as a torture-test by the godless. It is true that the Razor is a very useful tool, but not, in its self any kind of proof.
 
But I digress. My main point is that most of us can and have done the kind of thinking that you seem to hold up as modern and advanced and are capable of considering the scholarship that you seem to value so much. We just judge it's usefulness differently than you do. Our agendas do not match at the outset, nor do our criteria for the value of thinking. Bertrand Russell is still correct when he, famously, said that (and I paraphrase here) there can be no argument when the participants do not share primary assumptions.
No doubt. The number of people who claim affiliation with a religion who don't really understand it is saddening. But I just want to make sure that critics don't confuse the ignorance of the masses with the best parts of the traditions themselves.
Lord Vader
Your posts drip with contempt, ghost, which is, again, my biggest grip with your breed of skeptic. My "precious New Testament"? You don't know what I believe about the New Testament, yet you apparently feel like you have to rush to lump me in with some caricature of the religious person you already have in your mind.

The posts actually demonstrate all the worst traits that I criticize in the new atheism. You question about why theologians should have "special dispensation" to ignore the demands of evidence? That's based on your own ignorant assumptions. We mainline theologians aren't asking to be exempt from reason and evidence. No, we, along with scholars from other disciplines (philosophy, philosophy/history of science, theory, etc.) are engaged in nuanced discussions about epistemology. Simple because we (again. like scholars from numerous other disciplines) don't share your assumptions about epistemology does NOT mean that we're asking to be exempt from rational thinking. Again, all you're doing is demonstrating your inability to think beyond the confines of your own assumptions. You can't even fathom that there are rational positions that don't share your assumptions and which have good reason to reject them.

What your post makes clear is that you're so obsessed with America's "dire" situation that you aren't actually interested in engaging religious traditions. You seem to have the kind of thought as the Cold War anti-communists whose obsession the threat of the Soviets blinded them to the riches of non-Soviet Russian thought, to the Marxist philosophical tradition, etc. You're so caught up in your fight against fundamentalists that you feel the need to go on attack against anybody who expresses a remotely religious sentiment, lumping us all together as The Enemy. It's not all or nothing, and it's stupid to try to portray it like that.

As for my own religious background: I was raised a sort of rationalistic Lockean deist (and Lockean classical liberal) and gradually moved towards the historic Christian mainstream through my academics, especially reading early church theologians. My "preconceived ideas" have been in constant flux throughout my career; it's hard for them not to be with the types of things I study. And yes, research I submit is subject to peer review and critique. I've never remotely suggested otherwise. I have no idea where you get the idea that I'm saying theologians aren't subject to critique; all I've said is that critiques made from naturalist assumptions don't "win" by "default."

I've already told you what assumptions I'm referring to: assumptions about the nature of thought and evidence. The assumptions of "scientisim," which seems to part of a great deal of atheism these days. The assumption that the only meaningful truth claims are science-like ones and ones that can be demonstrated true or false based solely on science-like evidence. Those assumptions themselves are extraordinary claims not shared by the majority of intellectuals in human history, and I have yet to see enough extraordinary evidence for me to adopt them.
lol
If you "need" a citation for instances of Christian's murdering others & raping children, your ignorance far supersedes anyone else's "hatred" of the "lord".
"Why would god give us minds and free will if our destiny is to simply submit to chains and boundaries"

its a game show, not only do you need to follow the rules...you got to choose the right rule book as well...otherwise, eternal torture

good luck!!
Its the mind controlling the person, not the other way around.

His belief is so ingrained that the only thing he can do is belittle and talk about himself as if he is one step down from his god. It keeps him from looking at evidence and taking control of his own mind. Its not a bad thing, nor is it unique to religion..its human nature, its easier to pretend then to look. 

id suggest a critical thinking class for him, but from his statement...it probably wouldn't work, each to their own i suppose.
@kisling

I would like to think that naturalists really don't have no agenda, but I'm afraid that's true only in their very best moments. The fact is that the history the emergence of metaphysical naturalism and strict empiricism is intensely political and theological; it has historically had as much to do with casting off religion, and the political regimes religion was seen to support, as it had to do with the mere desire to explore and discover. I'm not referring to scientists here, but specifically those who have elevated the scientific method to the new "sola scriptura" of the modern world. This attitude, which goes beyond mere scientific discovery, certainly has an agenda, an agenda that's very frequently on display when its supporters go on the attack against not only the religious ideas that interfere with science, but with anyone who seriously poses the question of God at all in a religious way.

My call is for strict empiricists, those who would like to extend the empirical method into every domain of existence and strip away anything that can't meet its standards, to be more intensely critical of their assumptions. Maybe YOU have been, but I rarely see that in the pop atheists I encounter. This ghostofdiggspast guy shows no sign of being remotely critical of his assumptions; he doesn't even seem to recognize that they ARE assumptions, which, as such, are not based on reason, but are the basis of all his reasoning. And I'd say that's fairly typical of most "new atheist" types I've encountered.

I'm fine with somebody adoptive a reductionist empiricist approach to everything--even if I think it's ultimately a self-defeating position that ends up inadvertently underming the foundations of reason, morality, and the "humanness" of human life. People have the right to hold ideas I think are wrong, I can respect them no matter how wrong I think they are. My problem is when they are not self-critical and humble about those assumptions, refuse to acknowledge them AS assumptions and as products of their own subjectivity, and when they will not give basic respect the VAST MAJORITY OF THE HUMAN INTELLECTUAL TRADITION that does not share those assumptions because it finds them  unconvincing.
Fascinating stuff, but I do wonder which came first; the analysis of the disbelief? Could it simply be that those of us who think analytically are less subject to the irrationality of religion?
Fine with me, since your claims are unsupportable and ignorant.
Argh...come let me join you for some beer and pasta.
That 'of' should be an 'or' of course!
http://www.acmecleaningservice.com/
Fine with me, since your claims are unsupportable and ignorant.
I get your gist and am sympathetic to your preference for self-reflective thinkers. I share it. Unexamined assumptions are much more common, on all sides, than examined ones. In the end, however, we will have to agree to disagree. It is true that I value my conclusions over yours; I would deeply mistrust anyone who claimed otherwise for manifold reasons. I assume (it's pretty clear) that you feel the same. But I do respect your rigor.

Your characterizations, however, make me uncomfortable and, several timesI have had to quell the impulse to respond in kind, even though those comments were never aimed at me. You are, loosely, dissing my tribe. Perhaps some moderation of tone would be constructive. Just a thought.

I really do enjoy the exchange of ideas that we have had. I look forward to seeing future posts by you and, perhaps, more exchanges like this one. I will follow you.
I get your gist and am sympathetic to your preference for self-reflective thinkers. I share it. Unexamined assumptions are much more common, on all sides, than examined ones. In the end, however, we will have to agree to disagree. It is true that I value my conclusions over yours; I would deeply mistrust anyone who claimed otherwise for manifold reasons. I assume (it's pretty clear) that you feel the same. But I do respect your rigor.

Your characterizations, however, make me uncomfortable and, several timesI have had to quell the impulse to respond in kind, even though those comments were never aimed at me. You are, loosely, dissing my tribe. Perhaps some moderation of tone would be constructive. Just a thought.

I really do enjoy the exchange of ideas that we have had. I look forward to seeing future posts by you and, perhaps, more exchanges like this one. I will follow you.
I certainly don't intend any disrespect for you or your "tribe," kisling, and I didn't intend to come off that way. I think I said elsewhere that I actually have a great deal of respect for many atheists who challenge and enrich my own thinking. If there's any tone of disrespect in what I write, it's simply coming out of years of pent-up frustration from trying to deal with certain kinds of atheists who quite openly tell me that I'm a blind irrational fool and that my life's work is not only meaningless, but also downright evil, just because I find the idea of God convincing. But I certainly don't intend to suggest that all atheists fall into that camp.

I hope you'll also be pleased to see in the future that I am equally critical of my fellow Christians. Being a theologian can be pretty isolating in that regard, because we tend to be attacked by both believers and non-believers, and it can lead us to get a little frustrated and defensive at times. No offense intended though; I respect your civility and thoughtfulness and look forward to future conversations.
Buddhism is one of the few respectable religions left in the world as one of it's precepts is to accept truth as it is shown to us instead of hanging on to our outdated notions in the presence of indisputable evidence.  Buddhism also teaches us to work in harmony with others and nature and to do as little harm and cause as little suffering as possible.  Buddhism is a positive force in the world.
Our God is so powerful that He makes it easy to disbelieve in him.  No one is going to chop your head off.
gesundheit...
Well said.
Just like belief in AGW.  No facts, not even enough facts to formulate a theory, just faith.
Atheism poisons everything except maple syrup!
if they had a good imagination they wouldn't have used the same tired hero story. Hercules, Osiris, Jesus same song different verse
"Empty Godless life"

I dare say living a life based in mythology is inherently empty.

On the other hand an atheist has an entire universe of knowledge waiting to be discovered because his/her mind is unhindered by the preconceptions of religion.
"On the other hand an atheist has an entire universe of knowledge waiting to be discovered because his/her mind is unhindered by the preconceptions of religion."

I meant empty of God.  I'm sure you feel fulfilled.
What really DESTROYED 9 years of born-again Christian faith & 14 years of being raised Lutheran faith was this simple question: "DOES THIS FIT WITH THE WAY THE WORLD WORKS?" This simple question from Michael Shermer's "Baloney Detection Kit" got me to start questing my faith, doubting it, take philosophy & world religion classes, and begin the journey to KNOW the TRUTH no matter what the end result was. I was determined to KNOW & not just BELIEVE. I REASONED to myself that if my Christian beliefs were true, then I shouldn't be afraid to question & test them because then they would prove to be true. But I had to be willing to risk the chance that they might not be true & that I might have to give them up. I went on this journey in college & went from being born-again Christian to agnostic. I didn't even know about Micheal Shermer until after I became agnostic. But the point is that it is important to QUESTION, to THINK, to REASON, to DOUBT, to be SKEPTICAL, and to MAKE SURE that what you believe is really true. Otherwise, why spend a lifetime believing in something that isn't true???! Why lie to yourself???! I would rather spend my life believing in truth no matter how cold, harsh, or lonely that truth is than spend myself believing in a lie just because that lie comforts me in my loneliness. The most comforting thing about religion is this idea that I had a "relationship with God." That God was like this always present friend that was always there to comfort me, reassure me, give me confidence to face the world & my life, strengthen me, empower me, etc. The idea that I am alone & on my own in life is a pretty scary idea. That NO ONE is there to rescue me if I am in trouble. And also the idea that death is the end of life is pretty scary too. The fact that we are mortal. That this life is the only life there is. There are no reincarnations, no afterlives. This is it. No second chances. These 2 "harsh realities" of life I think is what people of faith have a hard time dealing with & is probably why they have a death-grip on their religion blankies because they don't want to be alone & they don't want to face their mortality. Here is Micheal Shermer's "Baloney Detection Kit:" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUB4j0n2UDU&amp;feature=share
Disagree. It's because man is afraid to die, and it's because man is afraid of being alone.
Your both right.  Fear of the unknown.
Technically you were born one just like everyone else.
It is called compartmentalizing.  Everyone does it.
If you want support for the given claim, read this:

http://www.amazon.com/God-Is-Not-Great-Everything/dp/0446579807

Then this:

http://www.amazon.com/The-God-Delusion-Richard-Dawkins/dp/0618918248/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1335733124&sr=1-1

At least to start. Then you'll see that there is plenty to support the idea that "Religion poisons everything."
If god is talking to you, you may need professional help.
I don't think losethos would pass the turing test.
god says ...

losethos is a trolling god smacked bot.  

god says ... 

report losethos if he doesn't stop spamming meaningless rambling.
just open up any newspaper, turn on the tv, or listen to the radio -- theres probably one or two cases that probably just happened today...
better yet...use ur goddamn computer...ur already on it ;)
FYI....

synesthesia - the subjective sensation of a sense other than the one being stimulated. For example, a sound may evoke sensations of color.

thunder - a loud, explosive, resounding noise produced by the explosive expansion of air heated by a lightning discharge.
You made an all encompassing, subjective statement which can't be proven.  I seriously doubt those books state that religion poisons everything.  Read the beatitudes and tell me that is poison.
http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+5&version=NIV

You are blaming religion for evil.  People that actually believe in God have done nothing but good.  The Christian reformists helped lead the world out of the dark ages by publishing the bible for the common man to read.   Make your false accusations if you want, I can see I'm wasting my time.
Here's a hint for you: Nobody here gives a flying fuck about your book.
I have always believed that the conclusions reached by studies, such as this one, are mainly rubbish. And, after thinking about it analytically, I still believe that.
"I seriously doubt those books state that religion poisons everything."

The very subtitle of one of those books is 'How religion poisons everything.'

"You are blaming religion for evil."

You're not far from the truth; I'm not blaming only religion for bad things.

"Read the beatitudes and tell me that is poison."

Nor am I saying that all of religion is poison.

"People that actually believe in God have done nothing but good." 

Raping little boys is a good thing? Discouraging the use of condoms in Africa is a good thing? People who say "God Hates Fags!" are doing good?

"The Christian reformists helped lead the world out of the dark ages by publishing the bible for the common man to read." They did a lot of good there. Again, my argument isn't that religion does no good.

If I tell you the bad things people do in the name of religion, you'll likely suggest that it was the people that were the problem, and rightly so. My argument is that people account for all the good that religions do as well. We don't need superstition, and we shouldn't encourage it.
http://digg.com/newhttp://digg.com/newsbar/topnews/first_intel_smartphone_in_shops_1sbar/topnews/first_intel_smartphone_in_shops_1
http://digg.com/newsbar/topnews/first_intel_smartphone_in_shops_1
amen.  God says, "contact imbibe contact rectify pursues rapture continent 
smiting Lay drops vary mourn claim fluctuations barred 
inaccessible containest cataloguers indignant estimated 
recondite fantastic whenever Men meeting witnesses stole 
cubit whitherward imposed assistance Placed succouredst 
emerging Was lineage disalloweth darkness beaten Interrupt 
expressions admonish void Divine cunning immutable evened 
constraint opposing consulter worshipper softening Happy 
restraining distinction lively wondrously acquainted Readable 
floods possesseth Copyright prize aware whencesoever sound 
assented soaring evermore consumed shouted enlightened 
disalloweth intermitted Beware Madaura pertain solstices 
forgetting surmounted would displayed constituteth supplied 
forum phantasm http conformably respective rods prefer 
support credibility waged muttering say Teacher humanity 
compressed sanctified fresh brittle cloaked fame refraining 
conjugal humane Gods stones narrowness ghosts IX anxiety 
slay grasps instance Almighty repel dream derides astrologers 
gains stilled overthrew Redeemer edit comprehended bidden 
consist conventionally "
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_atheism
Look at america -- 70% believers.
What's wrong with you people on Digg?  And Reddit?
Being in the majority doesn't make you right.
I agree.  Being on God's side makes me a majority, though.

God says...
circus other Hortensius exaltedness pricked noise terribly 
because settle demander returns divine forenamed bearing 
Powers lashed
The fact that people think it's reasonable to talk to a god is one of the very real problems with religion. When someone is convinced their own voice is a god, you're gonna have a bad time.
This is pretty much what Einstein's teachers said to him isn't it?
I asked God what makes otters happy -- "eternal skies".  I asked elephants -- "Baths".

Let's aks God if baby T-rex is cute?

God says...
lose place weigheth astrologers averred Awake habit relied forsaking monster beautified wretch mutability Glory usually press protest afar darksomely pure Gervasius hungered adopted became INDEMNITY sides discuss repentest iniquity corrected whereat panegyric careless vessel store abounded vanity intense contentiousness wail tribulation wishes distract seeking deemed understands swift majesty senses diligence inspiring educate esteem bird pinching Orderer practice break blessed unthankful grammar vow attain recognises notorious receive arose monstrousness Principalities also' sin counsels seeketh periodic censured theatres drank Rebuke agonised Itself exhausted dreading groaneth unformed choleric Thou heads contention mindful kicking Meanwhile 
king universe particle http incorruptible faint probable eunuchs reference Stage came bowed unthought Africa sawest brooks Dispenser theatre waste styled law prose dares will Bridegroom bloom resolute attempted presence discerning savage immense difficulties darkness do directed qualified 
discovers resembling plainness createdst restlessly So stands utter exhibit impunity plea almost vileness monster readily constraint indemnify ambition awake orally waver thyself tempts believing properly Thinkest evidence wickedness professed rightful goeth sinner fluctuations grant shudder utterance faculties placest Athanasius established blesses
Randomly crack-open a book.

God says...
C:\Text\BIBLE.TXT

have been accepted in the sight of the LORD?  10:20 And when
Moses heard that, he was content.

11:1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and to Aaron, saying unto them,
11:2 Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, These are the beasts
which ye shall eat among all the beasts that are on the earth.

11:3 Whatsoever parteth the hoof, and is clovenfooted, and cheweth the
cud, among the beasts, that shall ye eat.

11:4 Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of them that chew the cud, or
of them that divide

---

ROFLMAO I love God.
Communists like to say religion is to control the masses.  That's pretty hilarious.

God says...
C:\Text\BIBLE.TXT

d
Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door: 52:25
He took also out of the city an eunuch, which had the charge of the
men of war; and seven men of them that were near the king's person,
which were found in the city; and the principal scribe of the host,
who mustered the people of the land; and threescore men of the people
of the land, that were found in the midst of the city.

52:26 So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard took them, and brought
them to the king of Babylon to

---

I ask Jesus if He liked mustard. "bad meat happeneth"
Sounds like more denial in the face of statistics, especially given that the matter discussed is well supported by multiple convergent studies carried out by several different organizations. From previous studies, we already know that Intelligence is negatively correlated with religiosity, we also know that atheist are more knowledgeable about religion than theist, and certain professions that involve science see a double digit dip in the rate of self identified believers. This study seems right in line with the established literature.

Typical hand waving (the universities hate Christ), and victim mentality (the God haters are out to get me), but hey whatever helps you sleep at night.
Care to share your elaborate and analytical thought process on that? Or is it I don't want to believe them, ergo I do not.
An assault on religion that will not end well for shrinks.

God says...
sorrowful eating EDITIONS measure weaker indulgent father's 
pursues saidst ideas fruitfulness conjecture joined flourished 
hale learner bold impressions girl envious what's celibacy 
chooses fugitives plural pride conceived hitherto roused 
head maintainers feet REMEDIES faculty suffering adversary 
As wind ascend injurious delightfulness

Do a text search for "dumb ass" in the king james Bible.
2:12 But these, as natural brute beasts, made to be taken and
destroyed, speak evil of the things that they understand not; and
shall utterly perish in their own corruption; 2:13 And shall receive
the reward of unrighteousness, as they that count it pleasure to riot
in the day time. Spots they are and blemishes, sporting themselves
with their own deceivings while they feast with you; 2:14 Having eyes
full of adultery, and that cannot cease from sin; beguiling unstable
souls: an heart they have exercised with covetous practices; cursed
children: 2:15 Which have forsaken the right way, and are gone astray,
following the way of Balaam the son of Bosor, who loved the wages of
unrighteousness; 

2:16 But was rebuked for his iniquity: the dumb ass
speaking with man's voice forbad the madness of the prophet.
This title should really say "Analytical thinking can lead someone to realize fairy tales are just fairy tales".
Can I have your soul?  I gave mine away when I was an atheist.

Can I have all of your souls?  Please, everybody, comment "yes" if so.
Can I have your soul?
Your delusional mind is comical to the intellectual community. I said a HISTORIAN book; the Bible is a book of fables. If you actually read historian books then you would know that.
No, actual factual history likes to say that! There are many communists that were religious people. So, to generalize about a group of people with a societal philosophy is just plain stupid. While you are on the internet, I suggest actually doing some learning on human history.
Considering there is no evidence of a soul, then I am sure everyone would be happy to give you a fictitious thing.
I am not sure you actually get it, so I will attempt to educate you with a simple questions. As it seems you always quote from the Bible, how do you know what was written is actually true?
"Opiate of the masses" is the obvious source -- Marx.
So I can have yours?  Humor me and say "Yes".
God can lie and does lie.  I'm not sure what the fuss is.

Read Numbers chapter 11.

http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=numbers%2011&version=NIV

God says...
fluctuates indeed thunderer Are insultingly wholesomely 
heaps David eased suspicious haunt Righteousness distended 
offended Grammar drowsiness dispensing
God lies here, too.  Hilarious story by the way.

http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1%20kings%2022&version=NIV

God says...
C:\Text\WEALTH.TXT

 that it can no
longer be employed with the ancient profit in that species of industry
which is peculiar to them. That industry has its limits like every
other; and the increase of stock, by increasing the competition,
necessarily reduces the profit. The lowering of profit in the town
forces out stock to the country, where, by creating a new demand for
country labour, it necessarily raises its wages. It then spreads itself,
if I my say so, over the face of the land, and, by being employed in
agricu
Dead on.
I would never give something to someone that does not exist. I am not a little kid into playing little fairy tail games.
That is simply not the questions I asked you. I did not ask if a character in the fictional story is a lier or not. I asked how do you know that what was written in the bible is actually true? It is very clear that you have a hard time grasping the English language, so maybe you should start there.
I never said it was true.  I know what it means "inspired word of God recorded by man."  That is very-much real.  Word of God can lie.

God says...
audacious uprightness Thus pressed David sponge apparently
Victim obscure leadeth boyish compendiously lanthorn disgust 
died commandest exists pleasing certain lattice Sacraments 
Does warfare copies directed recovering unarranged Canst 
Commandment Out condemnation saidst forceth descent drunk 
pure centre warped years leaving ingrated sources persuasive 
crossed perused proprietary phantasms wings particle causing 
unkindled circumlocutions untruly distributest mention 
intervals obediently abhor threefold birds Giver beginning 
well direct victorious sadness suddenly keen lecture hot 
glory molten tomorrow patience power 'may bark worthy 
amazing companions conceptions Offices expenses unutterably 
sorrows paid Aristotle Julian friends' mischief fruitlessly 
intermit counts ornamenting killed diversely shared Oh 
concealed foretold nigh consists vain floating educate 
punishment disgust endearments persecuted bespoken foundations 
sue
So yeah you still not getting the question. So, I will rephrase it using your own words...

" "inspired word of God recorded by man." That is very-much real. "

How do you know that the written words are the word of God written by man?
Download this: http://www.losethos.com/files/TSGod.ZIP and talk to God yourself.  Disconnect all networking.  Just hold-up your end of the conversation.  Cain and Abel is the most important story in the Bible.  Try to figure-out what God likes.  He likes praise.  Picking a greeting card is the kind of effort you should expend.  God is just.  You get out of prayer what you put into it.

God says...
C:\Text\HUCKFINN.TXT

wyer and him shook hands, and the lawyer smiled and looked pleased,
and they talked right along awhile, and then got to one side and talked
low; and at last the lawyer speaks up and says:

"That 'll fix it.  I'll take the order and send it, along with your
brother's, and then they'll know it's all right."

So they got some paper and a pen, and the king he set down and twisted
his head to one side, and chawed his tongue, and scrawled off something;
and then they give the pen to the duke--and then f
Why do you assume that? have you actually thought about the article?

"shows that analytic thinking can override intuitive assumptions" - well of course!
Intuition is an output based on the result of a much larger range of input parameters (ie based on multiple stored information mainly based in the subconcious). If you restrict yourself to analytical thinking, then you are going to remove any factors from the subconcious, and your conclusion is going to be based on only  information that you are consiously aware of at the time.

Mind you, intuition is very different from 'blind religious faith'.

I think the study, like most, is flawed.
I will list it on eBay.
God says...
described remorse curiously flashing mainly Oxford feet 
providence rend root Hast
Do a text search for "I don't give a fuck about what god says" in the king james bible.  

And then eat the bible, and pass the word.
Shaba sheeekee, sham baka laka!  Praise the lord jeebus!
God says...
whales melodious collectively imperturbable discussed changes 
cloak ken 'that showed unnatural wherefrom Word conquer 
meat hereditary shatter goaded begannest occupying drewest 
fairest contained discourage occasion coeternal containest 
encompass unwonted ardent popularity manifest condole 
perplexed I obtaining On ignorance goaded concreated Your 
stilled lineaments could soil Angels divided happen abandonedly 
weakened sentiment tame cheeks walk wrinkle enforcement 
fulfils misdeeds double antecedent studying abated ere 
harmoniseth sacrificed Into stretched END prairienet dark 
listened
God says...
C:\Text\BIBLE.TXT

dren of Judah and the children of Joseph.

18:12 And their border on the north side was from Jordan; and the
border went up to the side of Jericho on the north side, and went up
through the mountains westward; and the goings out thereof were at the
wilderness of Bethaven.

18:13 And the border went over from thence toward Luz, to the side of
Luz, which is Bethel, southward; and the border descended to
Atarothadar, near the hill that lieth on the south side of the nether
Bethhoron.

18:14 And th
God says...
C:\Text\PLATO.TXT

ulgarity--the best
elements in him are enslaved; and there is a small ruling part,
which is also the worst and maddest.

Inevitably.

And would you say that the soul of such an one is the soul of a freeman,
or of a slave?

He has the soul of a slave, in my opinion.

And the State which is enslaved under a tyrant is utterly incapable
of acting voluntarily?

Utterly incapable.

And also the soul which is under a tyrant (I am speaking of the soul
taken as a whole) is least capable of doing wh
Is english your first language?
Perhaps you should try writing with both hands.
That last one was about losers or maybe Anonymous "luz".

Perhaps you should interpret with both sides of your brain.

God says...

C:\Text\BIBLE.TXT

 ground, and to reap his
harvest, and to make his instruments of war, and instruments of his
chariots.

8:13 And he will take your daughters to be confectionaries, and to be
cooks, and to be bakers.

8:14 And he will take your fields, and your vineyards, and your
oliveyards, even the best of them, and give them to his servants.

8:15 And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyards,
and give to his officers, and to his servants.

8:16 And he will take your menservants, and your m
Yeah.  Tongues is supposed to work across all langauges.

God says...
severer gasped injurious Evil speakers patched devilish 
superstitious contain drives collects advices urgedst 
variance yieldeth rein twisted discontent govemed harbour 
dreams doleful Passion rmunday delivers Newsletters safety 
quitting yoke forsook constituteth slighting Thrones
I have an easter egg painted with a picture of the pope raping the baby jesus as he was being born.  It's pretty awesome!
And I say......

C:\text\publikjohn9.TXT

4:30  Jesus turned water into wine, but I turn dollars into Vodka!

Top that Jeebus!
Spirituality is a delusional realm.  If you had takebn philosophy you would know the material and ideal realms ; the world as it is and as it appears, the material and spiritual.

God says...
C:\Text\PLATO.TXT

 diseases and any similar agencies,
in order as far as this is possible to prevent the State from becoming
either too large or too small.

Certainly, he replied.

We shall have to invent some ingenious kind of lots which the less
worthy may draw on each occasion of our bringing them together,
and then they will accuse their own ill-luck and not the rulers.

To be sure, he said.

And I think that our braver and better youth, besides their other
honours and rewards, might have greater facilities
I turn love into songs.  If you offer God love, He gives you songs.  Download LoseThos http://www.losethos.com/LTCD.ISO and you will hear the best songs in all eternity.

God says...
C:\Text\YANKEE.TXT

 him to have these required
matters in the Valley of Holiness with all possible dispatch."

"I will well, Sir Boss," and he was off.



CHAPTER XXII

THE HOLY FOUNTAIN

The pilgrims were human beings.  Otherwise they would have acted
differently.  They had come a long and difficult journey, and now
when the journey was nearly finished, and they learned that the main
thing they had come for had ceased to exist, they didn't do as
horses or cats or angle-worms would probably have done--turn bac
I'm going to take a screen capture of your comments and show them to you shortly.  

God says...
C:\Text\HUCKFINN.TXT

 and
put on my store clothes, and tied up some others and one thing or another
in a bundle, and took the canoe and cleared for shore.  I landed below
where I judged was Phelps's place, and hid my bundle in the woods, and
then filled up the canoe with water, and loaded rocks into her and sunk
her where I could find her again when I wanted her, about a quarter of a
mile below a little steam sawmill that was on the bank.

Then I struck up the road, and when I passed the mill I see a sign on it,
"Phel
Analytical thinking does not necessarily lead to truth.

You can have have a beautiful, clear logical argument based on an assumption or even a lie. In such a case it is your intuition that will tell you something is wrong, and you will have to look beyond the logic.

The result of the study is obvious: analytical thinking results in a conclusion based on analytical thinking (at the expenses of other ways of thinking). But so what? Does not mean it is the correct conclusion.

Emotional thinking results in a conclusion based on emotional thinking.

Intuitive thinking results in a conclusion based on intuitive thinking.

Well balanced thinking results in a conclusion based on well balanced thinking.
What Historical book were you referring to? The book of Demonology? That's all you Athiests are preaching here anyway. The Bible has more truth in it then all your rethoric "New World" crap and phony science can contrive. The Bible has been proven historically. You fools want to doom yourselves that's your problem.
You might want to do a little history yourself. Communism and religion do not go together. Why do you think they closed down the churches? Dumbass, read your own history books.
Don't trust any preacher who cannot move mountains or at least do tongues.  I'm old school, 1st century Christian.  I do miracles.  Modern religion is secular humanism.  They love neighbor not God and they do not do miracles.  Modern people would call you occult if you did a miracle.  Pathetic.

God says...
vehemently lord holdest show Adeodatus detest roared Away 
gratefully third principally laughter necessity joking 
bidden forwards beings sipped Infinite contend accomplices 
trifling sinner's unlimited
Shrinks are dumb-asses is what the King James says.

2:12 But these, as natural brute beasts, made to be taken and
destroyed, speak evil of the things that they understand not; and
shall utterly perish in their own corruption; 2:13 And shall receive
the reward of unrighteousness, as they that count it pleasure to riot
in the day time. Spots they are and blemishes, sporting themselves
with their own deceivings while they feast with you; 2:14 Having eyes
full of adultery, and that cannot cease from sin; beguiling unstable
souls: an heart they have exercised with covetous practices; cursed
children: 2:15 Which have forsaken the right way, and are gone astray,
following the way of Balaam the son of Bosor, who loved the wages of
unrighteousness;

 2:16 But was rebuked for his iniquity: the dumb ass
speaking with man's voice forbad the madness of the prophet.
what an absolute moronic excuse for a human being. Boy did they dumb you down. I see you closed your account, that is good cause we speak logic here. Can not even understand a simple question. The answer you should have gave is that you believe the bible is true because it says it is true (which is the evidence you keep using.) And then I tell you that NOTHING can prove it's words to be true by writing words that say , it's words are true. That would be like me writing a book about some stuff and sting it is true and showing you in the book, "Look right there, it says it is true."
