LOL - anyone else find it the height of hypocrisy that the International Police Association posts the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and  state..

."The Association is committed to the principles set out in the Universal Declaration Of Human Rights as adopted by the United Nations on 10th December 1948"

Looking at PDs in the US, UK and many elsewhere, Human Rights are in short supply
I don't understand your point at all, but I'm stupid and you're smart, I dare not question your amazing worldview.

What I do question is a bunch of punks called Anonymous, chicken-shits hiding behind their IPs and TCP/IP, who are not man enough to show their faces.  Deface and wreck things they have no business sticking their high-school drop-out noses in
Now, exactly what did this accomplish? 

Does Anonymous think that Interpol is going to say "OMG! Our website was haxor'd. We'd better cease operations or they'll...haxor our website again...."

Anonymous didn't accomplish squat, other than pissing off a force larger than them who will inevitably track these clowns down and arrest them, all for accomplishing..nothing.
Quote from Anonymous on CISPA:

"Dubbed the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, it allows the United States to collect information about users of the internet. It allows the United States to monitor all activity on the net and can be used to monitor any individual's internet usage. This monitoring is called deep packet inspection, it looks through everything that is going in and out of your computer, which is a blatant violation of our rights to privacy.
Looking through your mail is a crime for a postman, these rules should apply to the internet too."

Too bad you don't get it, but then you belonged to a group that applauded censorship.
"Too bad you don't get it, but then you belonged to a group that applauded censorship."

So then you agree with his statement?
Alan, coming from a city that rehires murderers, abusers, thieves, liars and con men to be on their force then continues to harass, beat, abuse and dick wave as their means of "protecting and serving", I find the statement noted in my comment (and part of the web site) the height of hypocrisy.
Denver isn't the only corrupt PD - London, New Orleans, Stanford, Fl, Oakland, CA, LA, SDCA, KCKS, - I can go on....

Your comment is a deflection from my statement but then what else is new?
I feel the same way about rightwing AM radio talkshow hosts.
Still defaced. And they substituted some good music in the background (AM radio never does that): http://ipa-iac.org/index.php
Awww... had to call out your bury brigade instead of answering the question...
Then why can't Anonymous, as highly as they regard themselves, knock out these deep packing inspectors? All they have to do is crack these routers, turn off the packet inspectors services, and ensure they keep doing it with every time an IT team fixes the hacks. Multiply this by hundreds, if not thousands of compliant ISPs and Anonymous can accomplish the destruction of CISPA. 

All they did was the equivalent of defacing a poster on a wall. (aka, didn't accomplish didly squat). 

Look, I don't support CISPA at all. Obama "says" he doesn't either. But, will you finally go against him when he signs does sign it? Or, will you come up with excuses for why he did?
I don't even know if Obama can veto CISPA since it passed Congress with 2/3rds approval. Can he veto with an executive order? I'm not sure how that works. 

As far as Anonymous, if you know how to bitch slap CISPA, then help them. They are as strong as their numbers. If not, this is just one site. You're right. I don't know these particular Anons or their reasoning behind the hack. But, I do know that most of them have been keyboard warriors against censorship for years.
As opposed to being jackboot thugs, hiding behind a thick blue line, wearing helmets and masks, carrying guns and pepper spray, and harassing anyone they feel like, or that their bosses (our employees) say to, regardless of the legality of that action?

You mean THAT kind of hiding?

I can guess what side of the right wing / left wing electric border fence you sit on.

The police are only your friends if you aren't one of the innocents they are mistreating - and they will get around to you eventually.

Then you'll be screaming for some of us to care - but we won't.
***Warning***  Clicking on the above link brought a threat message on my antivirus.  Be careful.
That would be typical...
he could veto it, then they would have to vote again to officially override it.

that's when public pressure would be most effective, ie demonstrations, calls, letters, &c.
Also, 248-168 is not vetoproof. (2 / 3) * 432 = 288. I doubt they could get more than that at override vote.
On the police website? Interesting. Well, it's good advice to always use an antivirus program wherever you visit on the Internetz.
"upped their game" = "attacked a target who wasn't waiting for them"
is it then even more illegal for the postman to copy your mail after opening it and make a copy to show the world? or were the ends justified by the memes?
yeah that bumper music rush limbauh plays is totaly sucky.
You've outdone even yourself, Eq.  Very well-played, Sir!
