Ok, this has to be the dumbest ass in captivity. Why would you want anything from a person you ended a relationship with. That is straight asking for it. I bet this relationship ended with, lets be friends. My ex is one of the first female black fighter pilots of the US Air Force, I made sure that bitch would not find me. I wouldn't ask to go flying with her!
Dentist license revoked forever. Forced to pay for his new implants. OTOH, how emotionally stupid do you have to be to schedule a dental appointment with your ex?  Talk about putting the knife in her hand to stab you in the back.
True, but you are blaming the victim here!

If a woman got assaulted by her boyfriend, you wouldn't be looking for such excuses..

She deserves to rot in jail for the rest of her life, pay for all the medical costs + emotional suffering of her ex, and lose her license to practice medecine (obviously). Unfortunately, we got so brainwashed by a mainstream culture that promotes hatred and de-humanization of men, that I doubt she will be seriously punished for this..
Only three years in prison?

Hopefully that's in addition to what she'll have to pay out of her pocket to repair all of the damage she did.. $2,000 a pop.. for 32 teeth.

$64,000 / 40,000 pounds, coming right out of her savings.
It's must've been a bad break up
dental license revoked, a long prison sentence (10-20 years), and a big law suit ($5 Million)
There are aspects of this story that seem really contrived. "Worse still, his new girlfriend dumped him because he had no teeth."  I mean, even if it did happen, how did the author find out?  I doubt the victim is advertising the fact that his new girlfriend dumped him.
?!?!

Were that me, they best put her in a cage well beyond MY reach!

Wouldn't help in the long term though, I would just wait....

Clearly there needs to be better psych eval's!
lorena bobbet is now a dentist?
depends on if it was a messy break up or not.  plus, there is a certain level of professionalism that should be held.  Obviously it was broken here, but still.  That bitch is crazy.
How the hell can a person not know that someone is extracting all of their teeth? 
This makes the article very questionable, at best.
Other details of the article seem very, very unlikely as well.
WTF, I didn't blame the victim! He is a dumb ass. And yes this woman deserves to rot in prison for disfiguring him. We doesn't include me in your perception of the world. Don't read too much into what I said. I clearly said asking for it, not deserved it. For all I know he caught her cheating on him and ended it. You still wouldn't ask a person who raped your child to watch the kids for a day would you? So why would you want anything from someone you deemed unworthy of a relationship and clearly was distraught over the conclusion of it? Common sense isn't common obviously.
She can say goodbye to her practice and license, and probably a good portion of her assets.

I hope it was worth it.
Some surgical anesthetics provide a dull numbing, but others put people completely under. In that state, you would be totally unaware of what they were doing to you, and could wake up missing more body parts than just teeth. Hypothetically.
OK, she must have used something like IV sedation, with as Propofol/Versed. 
But that requires an anesthesiologist to administer it and monitor the patient. If this was done, it was truly a grave act by a health care "professional".
You are a product of our mainstream contemporary culture, and that culture is defined by the hatred of men, anything masculine and fathers, and it has successfully stripped men of their humanity (so that their suffering can be easily rationalized away).

As I said, you wouldn't have blamed the victim if she was female.. I was just pointing to the cultural programming (i.e. women=good men=bad) that transpired in your comments; nothing personal against you - you're hardly alone (and my comment will probably get buried, because people don't like to confront their programmed beliefs, especially when they are wrong)
You got serious issues, the only person programmed is you and your diluted perception of reality. It is not my job to cast blame on anyone, male or female. That is the courts job. Just because you have this weird anti-women approach does not mean I will. Especially to satisfy you and your ideology. Good luck with that you nut.
Why so defensive suddenly?

The question is not whether an idea is "weird", but whether it is true.. political correctness (and insults) are the refuge of the weak..
This was the basis of a horror
movie 
You read what I had to say, nothing more to spell out for you. As I said, good luck and use the new insight into reality I gave you. You are welcome.
Why the hell would you go to an ex for dental work?
Hell hath no fury than a woman scorned...#myword
