The article doesn't mention that the phone a lot of people buy is the one that costs a couple hundred dollars more than the $199 one; one that has a suitable amount of memory for a serious smart phone user.

Memory chips are not all that expensive, so I am sure that Apple & the phone carriers make out better with that phone provisioned than the lower end [and very low-priced] bottom rung configuration.
The salesmen have probably seen Windows 8, in whatever state it is in.  If Microsoft's salesforce is concentrating on back room deals with carriers, that tells you they foresee an uphill fight selling it to consumers.

That's kind of how Blackberry was marketed; becoming the "official company phone" by fiat.  RIM imploded in just a year or two, in the face of competition from Apple and an unwanted embrace from rioters in the UK.

For the past year, a lot of articles describe the Apple-takeover as working in just the opposite way.  Consumers loved it, bought it, use it all the time, and expect companies to take care of them.  Supposedly, they did and the iPhone knows off the shelf how to talk to some popular enterprise services.
nice article and information
follow me
"IF" is the big word in this article.
Makes sense from the carriers' point of view; they need an alternative to the iPhone.
They already have an alternative to the iPhone.  Android phones have been steadily gaining market share which is why Apple has been trying to sue Samsung out of the market.
I meant real competition, from a real company with a real business model; not a collection of 1000 random phones using many different versions of an OS.
http://www.webnhaban.com/
All those Apple Fans Attacking Amazon over it being large enough to influence prices are suddenly quite.
I did like the way the article forgot the whole Android and RIM phones and focused on the shrinking Microsoft the market loser god bless computerworld.
Microsoft Secret weapon should be something a little better than the carriers pay a lot of money for a phone people want!!. It should be about creating a demand for their phone, by creating a compelling product and marketing the hell out of it. What a shame they have only done the latter.
uh... no.
The fact that Android owned the Verizon smartphone market for a few years ahead of the iPhone didn't stop Apple from gobbling up better than 50% of Verizon's smartphone sales, when it finally came to Verizon.

RIM doesn't yet have a product that's capable of bringing them back into a leadership position in the smartphone market.
Amazon showed the market that the way to successfully sell Android tablets is to customize the hell out of it. Android fragmentation will only get worse.
I don't think your replying to me, and not sure where you are getting your figures from as latest Comscore in the US market android is 50% and Apple is 30%, both gaining at the expense of RIM and Microsoft. Which are vastly different from yours.

You have to remember that Apple is a US and UK phenomena. As for RIM not having a stratergy. I'm seeing full screen  touchscreen and Android binary compatibility which seems like a RIM are have a better phone strategy than Microsoft right now.
Do you really believe that Amazons was successful because it customized Android? Not because they sell a continuation of successful brand and  low cost android with the backing of a successful digital content market.

As  for fragmentation. don't you mean choice and Amazon is binary compatible with the rest of Amazon. Its not like they can fork Linux ;) With RIM becoming binary compatible with Android. The only holdouts is Apple. Admittedly enjoying 30% of the market in the US but in China it only has 5%. Maybe they should move to binary compatibility with android too.
http://www.forbes.com/sites/ericsavitz/2012/04/19/apple-iphone-still-over-half-of-verizons-smartphone-sales/

And if RIM has such a great strategy, why did they just fire their co-CEO's?
Wow what a great article. They try to extrapolate a newly launched iProduct with a 18month cycle, to the whole of America...and predict the same in China. That really did not work out well. As I said Android is 50% apple %30 and Android grew more in the same period. In China Apples market share dropped to 5% and Androids doubled to 60%.

As for RIM. I think the strategy is sound. I think they really needed to put RIM on Android, in the same way Amazon put Kindle on Android, Rather than Android on RIM. I know why they would rather have it that way, but Its cost them time and market share. Not sure the relevance of CEO being fired Nokia have kept theirs ;)
Amazon is basically just sticking a phone OS on a tablet, at least MS can produce a real tablet OS that has some type of integration with their new desktop system.  They have the right idea, I just don't know how well they can implement it.  Unless they completely screw up, MS will have a decent share of the market in a few years.
He's just a troll.

RIM is dead for all practical purposes.  They will retain some corporate customers and remain a second tier player.
"Amazon is basically just sticking a phone OS on a tablet" - You mean like iOS OMG!

"MS can produce a real tablet OS that has some type of integration with their new desktop system"
 - You had better hope so they are betting an awful lot on it and rejecting close partner intel in the process. Personally I look forward to Metro alienating an awful lot of people. :)
"RIM is dead for all practical purposes. They will retain some corporate customers and remain a second tier player."

WHY?
You sound like a tech geek fanboy: completely oblivious to actual sales and marketing numbers, he believes that the product with the best technical specs or open source strategy wins.

Apple is reaping the lion's share of profits in the market right now, while Android vendors are rushing to the bottom of the market, to see who can deliver the most features at the least cost (and least profit). Marketshare is somewhat meaningless if you don't have the profits that are supposed to go along with being #1.

The iPhone OS is not new, and the iPhone 4S is a relatively minor upgrade from the 4. Product length cycles don't mean anything when you have the kind of sales and profitability that the iPhone 4.

>> As for RIM. I think the strategy is sound. I think 
>> they really needed to put RIM on Android, in the
>> same way Amazon put Kindle on Android

How does a company that is falling precipitously from the top spot, in every measure of the market, have a "sound strategy"?

If they put stock Android on Blackberry, then they are competing solely on cost, and joining the other Android vendors in the rush to the bottom of the market.
Linux and Android are two completely different beasts. Linux is a powerful OS core, on top of which you can run your own desktop interface, usually KDE or Gnome. I guarantee that 95% of the Android market does not give two shits about what's under the hood of Android or that its open source.

Android is sold based entirely on the user experience. With Android, the kernel and the UI are one, in the consumer's eyes.

The Android market already has some serious fragmentation issues. ICS only runs on 3% of Android devices. 64% of Android devices are running v2.3, and another whopping 23% are still running v2.2. The vast majority of Android users are stuck in the past!

http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-versions.html

And manufacturers are STILL selling a ton of Android devices that are stuck running 2.3!

Contrast that with iOS 5, which runs on ALL shipping iOS devices. The 3GS is almost three years old, and it runs the latest and greatest from Apple.
