the L.A. riots changed nothing, but they did show the savagery and mindlessness of the black community.  one has to wonder if their race did something to deserve being enslaved in the first place.
Most of the slave trade in Africa was black tribes that conquered other black tribes then sold the survivors to Europeans/Americans.
Ya sure thank you!!!
I know this ;)  it's something people try to conveniently forget -- that black people sold their own people into slavery.  so who's the bigger bad guy, the seller or the buyer?  of course, it's the seller.  which lends even more credibility to how rotten the black race is and has been overall throughout history.  

infact, slavery in america has been more beneficial to blacks than detrimental.  if not for slavery they would still be in africa.  and virtually no black american wants to live in africa.  hell, a long time ago there was a 'back to africa' movement started by a black man -- it didn't go so well.  they like to hate the white race, when in reality, all things considered, they owe it to the white race for every opportunity they enjoy today.  that's not racism mind you, that's just a simply irrefutable fact.  

the real irony is that black people think slaves built this country, that the whites who outnumbered them 10 to 1 at the height of slavery did nothing, and that whites owe them something. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2kGPdxkofo

"I'm here to get them obama bucks"

"why should my tax dollars go to you?  because my ancestors came and built this place." even if that were true (which it isn't)  most of the infrastructure you see today was built within the last century.

"who are you going to vote for?  obama.  why?  because he's black."

"I'm not looking for a job....a career maybe....but not a job."  the arrogance and downright self entitled-ness is disgusting.  just a mentality of 'give to me'.  

"when's the last time you worked?  about half a decade".  

"do you really want to work or do you just want a free check?  I just want a free check"

"I'm just here to get what I can get"

"bitch I want a check"

black america at its finest.
Right winger, eh?
You can tell by the way he wears his racism with pride.
He pretends to be a moderate, but he's not. He's just a racist. And he has other issues. His profile:

"I have an IQ soo high that the majority of you are like toddlers compared to me. You think you're smart, but you are to me what you think morons are to you, unless you believe morons to be your equals. My mind covers possibilities, scales, and scopes so beyond you that you can not even fathom or understand them or their implications. My intelligence is like ultraviolet light and x-rays, something you are physically incapable of processing on your own."

What a dumbass.
They changed  SOME things. Just not as much as they needed to.
CSWS - That comment was immensely racist.
Arugula - I don't think this poster has ever mentioned his political affiliation.
I see nothing referenced in comments or this article that advocates the genetic and intellectual superiority of someones race over another.
"one has to wonder if their race did something to deserve being enslaved in the first place"

This is incredibly racist.
I know what it means Mikey.

CSWS is basically saying an entire race did something  to deserve being slaves.

It meets the strictest definition of "racist."
"savagery and mindlessness of the black community"

Racist.
You are a racist.
"You are a racist."

hahah, you can't just make up definitions for words in your head then call people that.  nothing I've said falls under the factual definition of a racist :)
The fact that you can't see it indicates that your brain power just isn't as advanced as you think it is.

You have said a race deserved to be enslaved.
You have said a race is "savage and mindless."

In a time when the whole "racist" thing is bandied about stupidly in response to criticisms of a president... your obvious racism stands out even more.

You are spewing the kind of sewage that folks in the white supremacist movement spew.
LOL cantstop.
They were utterly unproductive.  They burned their own shit.  They did NOTHING for the cause of equality.
