This is pathetic even for the hufington post which says a lot. NO ONE is removing these kids from their parents.. These ILLEGAL immigrants are free to take their children with them.
look, the logic is sound.  a person bringing their children into a country where they legally can't work or live, is a detriment to their children.  we literally have to build 2 new schools a day just to accommodate the illegal population entering the country. 2 NEW SCHOOLS EVERY SINGLE DAY.  obviously, we don't build 2 schools a day, that would be very difficult.  but it does show exactly how much excess the education system is having to take on.  and guess who suffers for it?  the taxpayers and the students of those tax payers, because resources they rightfully deserve, get spread out among people who don't rightfully deserve it.

there has to be disincentive and consequences to deal with illegal immigration, otherwise nothing will change.  our children and childrens children and figuratively having food taken out of their mouth by illegal immigrants and their children.  people have this notion that america can give and give.  but guess what, we can't.  look where it's gotten us.  we're working with borrowed debt as it is.  we do not have an excess of money to take care of our own people, let alone every foreigner that comes across our shores.   by giving opportunity to a foreigner, you take opportunity away from an american.  it's not a fixed number of people we're dealing with here, it's a growing population that only gets bigger and bigger and wants more and more.  

on that note, I don't believe the US should take and keep their children.  they should take their children from them and ship them back to their country separately, sending the child to their version of an orphanage.  whatever happens after that is up to them.  we don't need the burden of foreign children.  the US makes up 1/25th of the worlds population, it can't hold the world on its back physically, literally, figuratively, nor financially.  It is a them or us scenario. This is the United States of America, not the United States of Earth.
What a load!

Abandoning one's child in another country is the REAL human rights violation.  Under-aged children should always remain with their parents in the event of deportation, regardless of their citizenship status.  For those who are unaware, these children enjoy DUAL citizenship (i.e., through birth and parent).  That is a universally accepted practice THROUGHOUT the world and it is NOT cruel, it is HUMANE.  Parents are supposed to care for their offspring directly, not the societies they choose to dump them in.

If the Latino Policy Coalition truly cared for the plight of illegal immigrants, they spend their energy pressuring their home countries to enact socio-economic reforms to REDUCE the incidence of poverty and suffering.  That way most illegal immigrants wouldn't be forced to abandon their families and home countries or risk their lives crossing the U.S. border.  This criticism is ALSO aimed at the Vatican/Catholic Church which wields SIGNIFICANT influence throughout Central/South America.
Buried as liberal wacko spam/blog blather and outright lies.  Have you no shame, pathetic bleeding-heart leftists?
Who can credibly argue with these immigration facts?  Obviously, truth and reality are as lost on Latino advocacy groups as they are on Conservatives.
Still see you are practicing compassion and respect for your fellow man like jesus taught us. There is a special place in hell for you david.
think what you want.illegal immigrants have only one right in this country,go home.deport them all and see better jobs,living lower health care cost.
The children should be kept with their parents, even the Japanese placed by America in the prison camps had families kept together. 

 These families torn apart by the evicting of people who have lived most of their lives in America  with children born in America need international help
http://gadgethello.blogspot.com/
it's now sum zero with couple million illegals out and fewer (other than russians who boat over and those with fake id) where's the jobs? and where's that lower cost? only thing good is the really bad criminals got deported from prisons, violent crime is down...but America is missing the millions spent in America as most regular law abiding illegals spent every dollar they earned in America.

costs are way up as prisons are for profit and the fostercare is aswell.
These children are separated from their parents because the parents CHOOSE to have them stay here.  Probably because they know that they'll be back in the US within 6 months.  

If my wife and I rob a bank, the US will similarly "remove our children from us" as we'll be sitting in prison.
These parents are allowed to take their children with them.  They choose to leave them here.
These parents are choosing to leave them here.  Most likely because it's far easier to leave them with a family member for 3 months than it is to cross the border again with kids.
All humans should have basic human rights. You sound like a fucking nazi!
Do you have some specific argument to make against this article, or are you satisfied with posting a list of mindless insults?
I wish we could deport you so I wouldn't have to listen to your bullshit anymore!
yes let's deport the people who are in support of prosperity for americans and take from our childrens mouths to give to foreigners who give less of a damn about americans than americans do them. 

and what happens when americans are butted out of their own country by foreigners who call themselves americans?  the new immigrant owners will surely want to take from their childrens mouths to give to the even newer future immigrants?  no....they won't.  they will say exactly what I am saying.
The are 'undocumented' just as a car thief is an undocumented car owner.
FTA: "and many of these children (unable to be claimed by their parents held in ICE detention centers) were forced into county foster care systems-as abandoned and neglected children."

Learn to read the article instead of just the headline.
They do have rights. What they don't have is the right to be here.
You're an idiot.
WRONG.
ALL PEOPLE under the jurisdiction of the United States Government... whether or not they are "citizens"... whether or not they are here "legally" are PROTECTED by the BILL of RIGHTS.

This INCLUDES those that are in FOREIGN TERRITORIES that the U.S. holds SOVEREIGNTY over.. such as Military installations & EMBASSIES.

PERIOD.

This is ESTABLISHED LAW.. & HAS been forever.

Sorry, kiddies... but if you don't WANT to believe it.. or if you don't CARE....

TOUGH.

You'll all just have to SUCK IT IN... GRIT your TOOTH... & resign yourself to the task of at least ACTING like AMERICANS..
I am in favor of deporting anyone who espouses an ideology of primitive nationalism, xenophobia, ignorance, and hate. This ideology is exactly what is preventing the human race from maturing as a species.
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
primitive nationalism, yeah that's it.  as said before, we can't hold the world on our backs.  the US only makes up 1/25th of the worlds population.  I don't see any countries rushing to feed america's homeless and poor.  

there are more people than the population of the US outside of the US that want into the US.  if all 1.4 billion chinese moved to america overnight, would it be america anymore?  no, it wouldn't.  it'd be china with a minority american population.  

the truth is your ideology is based on half baked ideas and logic that doesn't function in the real world.  you would rather have americans give foreigners the keys to their cars, their homes, and live on the streets. the truth is if you were alive in their time, the founding fathers would have cut your throat where you stood.
If you want to advertise here, FUCKING PAY FOR IT.

Now take your SLEAZY PORN and shove it up your ass.
Undocumented = ILLEGAL ALIENS.
I agree it's reprehensible.  Those "parents" shouldn't be allowed to abandon their children.
Out of curiosity, but what does the Bill of Rights have to do with immigration law enforcement?

I don't dispute the application of the Bill of Rights to U.S. citizens, but U.S. law isn't "legally" applicable to noncitizens or foreign jurisdictions.  I get your "spirit of the law" argument, but the vast majority of countries on the planet maintain immigration laws/limits for good reason.  

Absent strict enforcement of immigration laws and maintaining a civilized "rule of law", there's no point in having any immigration laws whatsoever.
They're not abandoned.  They're left in the custody of family or friends.
That's STILL abandonment.  Parents bear the PRIMARY responsibility for child care, regardless of whom they've left those children with.

Child abandonment has always been a punishable crime in the U.S.  Why should this particular practice be any different?
So if you go on vacation for a week and leave your kids with your sister you're saying that you've ABANDONED them?  You're suggesting that if you have a little get away and go to the Bahama's for a week that you should be punished? 

How about parents who ABANDON their children every day in daycare?

My parents ABANDONED me when they FORCED me to go to summer camps.  

So how is this different than getting deported to Mexico and taking a full week to get back across the border and ride a greyhound back to your kids?

Please admit it.........you make no sense.
