Bring them all home before any more of them die.  Time to get out of that place.
AMEN
I second that
Agreed , Its been way too long.....  BRING THEM BACK
I consider this government and illegitimate one as the players are all bought and paid for, I don't see us getting out of any country that we invaded/occupied anytime soon. Time for a major change, time to bring our men and women back from harms way, why fight for the greed of the wealthy, time to protect our homeland, take care of our people, and get rid of this stinking Federal Reserve
The jig is up. 

Once they publicly joined forces with Al Qaeda to overthrow Libya, the lie about protecting us from Al Qaeda was out in the open for all to see. They have been using the public's fear of Al Qaeda to take away our freedoms through the Patriot Act and now NDAA. Their real target is us, not Al Qaeda. Without them having the boogie man of Al Qaeda, they never would have gotten the American people to EVER relinquish their constitutionally protected rights, liberties, and freedoms. Now that Al Qaeda has served its purpose, they can now be put back into the friend column like they were before when we were funding and training them to defeat the Soviet Union back in the 80's.

It is time to bring all of our troops home!
I couldn't agree more!
Ready for revolution or is that still too scary to recommend? Pushing the change in paradigm isn't easy with a split in the levels of spoiled ignorance of the people. 

Those who bitch but do nothing
Those who talk and support their own demise
Those who act but end up destroyed by a power elite that manipulates the first two into fear and loathing of those who act.  The problem two fold:
   1. organizing activists is like herding cats
   2. Numbers of activists are small and therefore easy to pick off with the MSM, government and corporate elitists all controlled together by each other


As far as war - The power elite can't allow those tens of thousands of young, energetic and trained people to hit the streets of the US. They might just join up with the activists. Why not? The non-coms, front line, warriors sent in as cannon fodder to American created hell  (Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan and Syria and all those places "we aren't")  have seen the manipulation and lie first hand and have already proven they can get shot at and live.  The military industrial complex and it's puppet government, specifically Obama now that he was brought in line by Petraeus, has seen this first hand.  The warriors out maneuver the police in any march, they out smart their generals and they won't take shit from some out of touch, out-of-shape fool lying.

Machiavelli, The Roman Senate, Alexander - they learned to keep their military busy and out of the seat of government
Sure not all of them will march against the government but a good number will - already proven.
***1. organizing activists is like herding cats - BUT, the MIC is learning that the internet is their demise so what do they do? They now move to control the internet.
