LoL! WTF! This is actually the dumbest Apple article in the universe.

First, there are people who need something in the sub $999 price range. Apple wil never get these people. They will not buy an Air! All they want is something that they can get their email on, do light gaming and surf. That is an iPad. Oh, and they aren't going to buy an Air.

So, no Air, and that business goes to Dell. So, the iPad is taking sales from what product?

Tim Cook is a dumbass!
iPad's price trumps low end laptops period. It does what 90% of the users need - check email, surf the web and watch porn.
I believe the article, because I believe one of the reason Apple has $110billion in the bank is because they were not afraid of cannibalizing their iPod line to create the iPhone.

I believe one of the reasons that Microsoft and Intel are floundering to get into mobile. Is because they protected their higher margin slow OS and expensive chipset on laptops, using the failed ultrabooks as the mobile device. Killing off the successful netbook.

Dell should have got behind Android seriously at the start, creating a proper tablet experience. What they did was an embarrassment.

This is still the time of Steve Jobs legacy
Apple has little interest in the bottom of the market, there isn't any money there.  You don't accumulate $100B by selling stuff to broke people.

There are some people who could replace a macbook with an iPad, but that is a limited market;  more people will replace their old macbook with an air (which is what I'm going to do for my daughter).  The iPad is a supplemental device for most people.
LoL! Really? LoL! The iPad is selling because of the bottom of the market. Take the iPad away, and those sales are not going back to the Air. They will just disappear.

I hope Tim is not this stupid, but he must be.
Ah, a man that understands!
"Apple has little interest in the bottom of the market, there isn't any money there. You don't accumulate $100B by selling stuff to broke people."

Apple is the new Sony, and Samsung beat Sony. History is looking to repeat itself :)
I agree that the iPad is not taking many sales away from the air (it is not at the same price point), it may be taking some sales from the cheap ($500) windows laptops, but I doubt it.  For most people, it is a new type of device; it does not replace my macs, my iPhone, or my iPods; the only thing it replaced was my old ebook reader.  They are not playing in the bottom of the laptop market (like the netbooks did), it is a different device category.

In 5 years, thing might be different and the iPad might start replacing computers for greater numbers of users.
The problem with this statement is Samsung is in the bed with Google and there are a lot of people that just are not going to like Android, I know you don't want to hear it, but it is just to geeky for a non techie. Those people are still staying with IOS,
Couple of interesting facts about Samsung. Samsung sells more phones than Apple they sell enough phones to justify forking Android. Samsung own the Bada Operating system one more popular than Windows Phone. They have their own store albeit not as good as say...Amazons offering.

As for "Android...geeky for a non techie" I think your finding it hard to justify that statement when Android is the majority share in the market. In china it outsells Apple 12 times. Now it does attract geeky(sic) people simply because it has a thriving third party homebrew community, due to the open nature of Android.

...but that is not only a lie but off topic.
http://www.usofts.com/wordpress-website-4/
http://www.usofts.com/one-attender-website/
I would say no... as a pad is not a replacement for a laptop...
it's a great consumption device. I read books on it, I watch videos on it.
but there things I can't do with it.. 

Watch flash.
Watch porn... 
Install any application I need and want.
copy documents to and from the device.
Create on it..    Ya, I can really see myself trying to run CS5-6 on a ipad...
Heck just create documents on it.
I need word!... excel, etc...
