Sadly the majority of politicians won't listen to this simple logic. It'll just go in one ear and out the other while they're drinking their scotch (or whatever else they like to drink) and smoking a cigarette or a cigar after a long day of wiping their asses with the constitution.
I think the main reason they don't want to legalize it because its "natural". That's a pharmaceutical companies worst enemy. Think about it, who would by medicine if they can buy weed?
Yes yes, we get it. Stoners think legalizing marijuana will solve all the world's problems, create none, and is as harmless as cotton cnady
FTA: "Over 300 economists, including three Nobel Laureates, recently signed a petition that encourages the president, Congress, governors and state legislatures to carefully consider marijuana legalization in America."

This is great, but not really news. The Miron Report was published in 2005, and the signatures - at least based on the Wayback Machine page linked to in the above quote - go back to the same year... so, good to know, but not really news. Is there something that is a genuine new development in the article that I'm missing?

Being seven years old, you have to ask, where are we now? Any closer on this?
Maybe you're a police officer, a prison guard or a local/national politician. Possibly you're scared of losing employment, overtime-pay, the many kick-backs and those regular fat bribes. But what good will any of that do you once our society has followed Mexico over the dystopian abyss of dismembered bodies, vats of acid and marauding thugs carrying gold-plated AK-47s with leopard-skinned gunstocks?

Kindly allow us to forgo the next level of your sycophantic prohibition-engendered mayhem.
Here's a link to the homepage of the report: http://www.prohibitioncosts.org/

Most recent "News" link on it is September 16, 2007.
Exactly.  There is no way legalization or decriminalization will occur until the prison-industrial complex can't give billions of dollars to politicians.
"Stoners think legalizing marijuana will solve all the world's problems"

Not all the world's problems, but it would solve quite a few domestic ones.

"create none"

I can think of one problem it would create: Where on earth would I put all the bud I'm going to buy?

"and is as harmless as cotton candy"

Actually, cotton candy is terrible for your health. Heavy marijuana smoking has been shown to increase lung capacity, strength and endurance, as well as stave off tumors and slow the growth of existing tumors.

Would you like to make up anything else about ganja for me to easily disprove?
It's not popular representation; it's just mathematics
Most "stoners" live just as positive and productive lives as anyone else.
Cute idea, but it's still more trouble than it's worth.  Too much political hassle, it isn't going to happen.
As usual, you're a massive idiot when it comes to the subject of weed.
Oh no, it's a hassle, I guess we shouldn't do it then.
I don't really care, but there is no political upside; it won't happen.
There is a huge political upside, it's just not going to be immediate, just like with any major positive change that has significant initial resistance.
"As usual, you're a massive idiot"

Anyone who takes a substance that makes themselves dumber, has no right to call anyone else that
Wow, didn't realize that many economists smoked pot ;)
This "movement" has been around since I was a little pot smoking kiddie, about 40 years ago.  It has never gotten off the ground because the vast majority of the voting public does not care.  It is not going to get anyone elected, and it is not going to keep anyone from being reelected.  It would be a distraction from the real issues if any mainstream candidate made it a major issue.  For most of the public, it is a trivial issue.  Obama has the right idea, leave it alone and don't waste too many resources enforcing existing laws.
Pharma can't study it easily under the current laws. Getting the refined schedule 1 components requires massive paperwork and clinical trials... forget about it. Pharma would make money with legalization. Doctors would prescribe a drug, if it worked, rather than telling the guy in room 201c to smoke a joint.
Good thing money is the most important thing right? You can't put a cost on health and influence on society. Sorry kids, your piss poor "research articles" are a joke. 
In what way, based upon what facts, show that Obama has 'left it alone' and hasn't 'waste[d] too many resources'?

Because the issue, and the fact of the matter is, that Obama has had the WORST record as far as crackdowns against legal establishments under state law.  It is no longer a nothing topic, and the vast majority of the public DOES have an opinion on it.  I suggest you just crawl back into your cave.
Your misguided opinion on something should definitely be used to further the conversation. That narrow interpretation of intelligence is also very helpful!  Please, the world needs more unintelligent debate!  Don't stop doing what you're doing!
Was researched here in the US in fact the government has a patent on using it as a drug.
There's some debate as to whether mariguana has any negative effects.  It doesn't matter.
There are plenty of dangerous things the govt allows us to do:
scuba diving, surfing, spelunking, skydiving....

Unless marijuana is immediately deadly, and of course it's not, the govt has no more right to forbid it than it has the right to confiscate my scuba tanks.
http://youtu.be/GzcNvHVlezk?hd=1
lol. I've known plenty of pot smokers in my time. Many of whom are very successful in life, and none of them are dumb. Sure while high, people might seem a little slower than normal. But that's not a permanent effect. Contrary to the propaganda; Weed does not kill brain cells. Once the weed wears off, people are just as sharp as they ever were.
You mean like, Carl Sagan?
It unfortunately won't happen for decades, too much of the governments current power, money and authority comes from their claim to be "fighting the drug scourge".  If they legalized it now hole branches of agencies wouldn't have a reason to exist and many police powers could be questioned (no knock warrants for example were created primarily out of concern of drug evidence being flushed).
I'm a member of mensa who smokes weed, dick.
isaac7719 blew holes in your 'logic', and you're refusing to admit that you were wrong about what you said.

Typical.
It's time to bring that economy out of the shadows and hands of criminals.
Why should they listen they are getting their pockets filled. Look back at the Reagan administration there is documentation that proves our government was benefiting from cocaine brought in from South America groups such as the CIA which is not government funded have been noted by former DEA agents as profiting off of the supposed  war on drugs. The day they legalize it is the day we have and honest government.
I wish you folks luck, I actually think legalization is a  pretty good idea.  However, I do understand the political reality; it's not going to happen anytime soon.  Most adults do not think this is a high priority issue and will not base their votes on it.  Politicians will not expend political capital on a fringe issue.  If Obama won't back it, no one in the mainstream will.  Sorry if that's not what you want to hear.
Hello, We have the internet now. Only idiots listen to doctors without doing their own homework.
You should look at our government. They are more responsible then Big Pharma the FDA is more responsible the big Pharma is as well. The dark underside of the government profits from drugs in general from every aspect of it from selling it on the black market arresting the little people and then making money from them being in prison.
The public is starting to care. It's becoming more obvious that this war on drugs is literally destroying central america.
Obama's DEA is raiding places like never before in California... Clearly he must be getting funding from the Commies at LaRaza who are probably plugged into the profits.
neotechni.... The war on drugs is destroying central america. Quite literally. Do the benefits of the drug war really outweigh the costs?
How about the influence on Mexican and other "societies" in Central America?
And does the destruction of those societies affect ours?
More illegal immigration. more drug traffickers crossing the border?
How about the costs of that?
There isn't much different between then and now, only the same wall of ignorance. Let this be the obvious battering ram against that, repeatedly explaining the obvious. 

The reason little has changed between then and now is that more people need to hear the facts. So I'm okay with the redundancy of this message. I for one did not hear of this petition either quite frankly.
Sorry Craig, but this is much more than a trivial issue.  People are going to jail in droves for something that doesn't hurt anyone.  A resource of MAJOR potential benefit is being put aside.  Our economy is more or less in shambles and legalization could pretty much pull it out in one fell swoop.  That's just for starters!  What are you talking about?!
That's another good point, the drug cartels depend on the fact that drugs are illegal to make their profits.
Actually neo, marijuana can be a powerful intellectual tool.
There are a lot of idiots out there!
"A pharmaceutical product, Marinol, is widely available through prescription. It comes in the form of a pill and is also being studied by researchers for suitability via other delivery methods, such as an inhaler or patch. The active ingredient of Marinol is synthetic THC, which has been found to relieve the nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy for cancer patients and to assist with loss of appetite with AIDS patients. " (http://www.justice.gov/dea/ongoing/marinol.html)
The "pharmaceutical companies" have had a prescription drug using the active ingredient in THC for years.
"In a report released in 1999, the Institute did not recommend the use of smoked marijuana, but did conclude that active ingredients in marijuana could be isolated and developed into a variety of pharmaceuticals, such as Marinol."
The pharmaceutical companies are going to love legalization.
Adding to this, how about the costs of patients quality of life with life threatening diseases? With all of the pills they give you, you might as well be a zombie, and they will either kill you before the disease does, or leave you with even more problems in time.
Not to mention the fact that you don't see 12 and 13 year olds drinking alcohol (unless the parent is with them, which you see all the time), but you do see 12 and 13 year olds smoking marijuana.
Legalization will help more than you could ever imagine.
Good to know you don't drink neo, otherwise you are just a  massive hypocrite.
Suddenly in my head I pictured Dr. House rolling his eyes. hahahahahaha
The work cant be that exciting. They need something to help em focus, hahaha.
good
Yup, corporate money controlling our laws and now even our elections is nothing less than a cancer upon our society.
You are delusional...  They would lose billions.  They will never willingly allow it to happen.  If people could grow their own medicine in their backyard, who is going to go out and spend hundreds or thousands of dollars per month for some pills that don't even work, and have long laundry lists of negative side effects including death?
Answer to: "how do we reduce the deficit."

Overuse of alcohol creates far worse situations than smoking weed.
BAM, number one answer. Why the FUUUUUCK dont people understand this?
Legalize pot? 
What next? Cocain, heroin, opiums....

Oh yah, sure, no problem with pot. It's an economic choice right?
I'm all for freedom and legalization but please be responsible, just like alcohol. 
http://www.thefix.com/content/%E2%80%9Cdrinking-mom%E2%80%9D-syndrome?page=all
FU, I'm so sick of this. YEAH if it makes money do it, fine. Money is our god in whom we trust. What a pathetic society we've created, or was it created for us by the corporations while we were screwing off? Yeah, so legalize it, do it stupid. CA had a chance and didn't do it. Why? Why? FU Why is it illegal around the world? Why couldn't Mexico say Fuck you America we're smarter and we're sane and so here it is?  Why because 'the greatest country in the world' self proclaimed, is against it because the corps are against it and they control the stupid people herding them as usual. So it's illegal. It's so because the people aren't free, gee was that a lie? Yeah, duh. O I'm so sick of it just fuck yourself. Stick your statue of jesus up your ass and your beliefs and everything else. We don't deserve the stars we need the meteor, let's have the meteor wipe us out like the dinosaurs.
Neo, why must you prove his point for him?  The things you say on this subject are obviously false and ignorant.
Sorry, all wrong. If you can grow something in your basement they can't compete with that.
but without the outlaw appeal will people pay to get
a dry month red eyes and the munchies ? :P
Dang, I had this great argument all typed out for both of you until it hit me..this is legalization we're talking about here, no more just medically available crap.
Sorry, I probably should have said, "The Tobacco and Alcohol companies are going to love legalization" seeing as my guess is the companies producing these already frowned upon products, will be the first to be massively producing and distributing marijuana products.
(I was thinking under the assumption that the pharmaceutical companies will be the biggest distributors of marijuana.)
Honestly, the argument is even more simplistic than the complicated economic argument they're trying to make.

In a free market society, PROHIBITION DOES NOT WORK.  Never has.  Never will.   As long as there is a demand, someone will meet that demand.

The only thing prohibition creates is crime through a black market.  Alcohol prohibition in the 20's is a prime example.  It didn't stop people from drinking, they just moved it underground into speak easy's.  Instead of legal import and export, we got bootleggers, unsafe bathtub gin, gangsters, and the like.
God put all plants on this Earth that sow seed for mankind, so quit fucking discriminating against our fucking religion you corrupted political fucks!  Or should god do more to prove it to you?
Weed isn't a cure-all.  It may be able to ease the pain of some simple ailments, but for more severe pain, I'll take Vicoden and Percocet.
Even if it was immediately deadly, I'm an adult.  As long as my decision is informed, the government has no business telling me what I can or can't do to my body.
I've never smoked a day in my life, not even tobacco.  Legalizing (or at the very least, decriminalizing) will solve a LOT of domestic problems.

1) How much money do we waste on enforcing these laws?
2) How much money do we waste keeping people behind bars for marijuana possession?
3) How much money are we losing by keeping productive members of society in jail?
4) How many peoples lives are ruined because they got caught with an once or two of pot?  I'm not talking about your stereotypical stoner, I'm talking about average people that go to work, support their family, and pay their taxes.
5) How much violent crime is being created because of the black markets that spring up to meet demand?

Nobody is saying pot is 100% harmless, but it's arguable less harmful that cigarettes and alcohol.  Prohibition doesn't work.  End of story.
Cocaine is way worse than weed, also it's spelled with an "e" on the end. Heroin is an OPIATE, there is no such word as opiums.

Clearly your knowledge of drugs and their effects is about the same as your knowledge of basic grammar and spelling.

It's attitudes like yours that have allowed the government to justify spending our tax dollars to put thousands of non-violent drug offenders into prison. That's room and board for years, and when they get out, felony offenses mean they will never get a decent job, and either turn back to crime or go on welfare. GREAT SOLUTION!!

How about we allow free American adults to make decisions about what to put into their bodies, for themselves. We let people drink booze, smoke cigarettes, and shoot guns, all of which are far more dangerous than getting high on THC.
If one area of the economy stands to make billions from legalization it would be places like food lion, ingles and other food industries. No kidding at all.
How about cocaine? That's not immediately deadly ... should that be legalized too?
Are you trying to make a "slippery slope" argument?

A case could be made.  I'm for starting with marijuana.  Then we'll see.
If you are going to refute someone you shouldn't nitpick at their spelling ... refute the points they are making ... typos happen.

>>Cocaine is way worse than weed

So where do we draw the line between ok effects and not ok effects? What are the criteria you use to quantify what is ok and what isn't? Make your argument and state facts rather than resorting to the attitude of "You can't spell cocaine, therefore, you must be completely ignorant of anything drug related."
Let's remove speed limits, drinking ages, sex with minors, and all other laws for that matter. It's attitudes like yours that kill people and that are responsible for the decline of morals and ethics in society. 
 
I've worked in prisons, I know what and why they are there and they know they deserve it. Most can't stop using drugs. Most offenders will tell you that doing/selling drugs was the cause of their prostitution/crimes.
 
Rant all you like but until you get your face out of the headlines and witness this for yourself you'll never know the deeper impact that this leads people toward. 

Laws are not for people who are honest and ethical, they're for people who don't know where to draw the line. One doesn't worry about the law if all they do is 'good' instead of being self-serving, living soley for self-gratification which is where this leads most people.
I'll let you have the last word, but perhaps you should speak to a counselor at any one of these sites.... you might even bother to "read" what's on these pages and hear what they have to say about its use.

http://www.dare.com/parents/Parents_KeepingKidsDrugFree/Default2f75.asp

http://www.madd.org/blog/drugged-driving.html

http://www.thegooddrugsguide.com/recovery-programs/12-step-substance/marijuana-anonymous.htm

http://gwired.gwu.edu/cms2/index.gw/Site_ID/5157/Page_ID/13628

http://serendip.brynmawr.edu/exchange/node/1808
"Our economy is more or less in shambles and legalization could pretty much pull it out in one fell swoop."

You actually believe that?
Speed limits, drinking ages, sex with minors. These are non sequitur. No one but you has suggested abolishing all laws and adopting Libertarian anarchy. You are taking the single logical step of decriminalizing a widely used and relatively harmless substances, and suggesting it will surely lead to it's most radical possible extreme. It's fear mongering, and a logical hyperbole.

Weed doesn't make people into criminals. Parenting, culture, environments, mental disorders, desperation. All of these things can be said to contribute to the development of criminal behavior. Any suggestion that because criminals use drugs in "X%" is a correlation/causation fallacy.

As for "honest and ethical people", what about all the hard working and moral individuals who smoke a bong hit in the privacy of their home to unwind? It's fine to drink a 6 pack, but if you prefer a mellower more introspective buzz, you're a scumbag? You are the one who needs to start living in reality.
Since I don't see anyone making those arguments, you apparently don't get it.
Please, what a cop out. Not going to address the argument, just throw some anti-drug propaganda at me? I've smoked weed for ten years, I don't use harder drugs, I'm not a criminal, I work 5 days a week. For every strung out tweaker, there are thousands like me who are being marginalized by self righteous pricks, (like you).

The people who are messed up, criminals, drug addicts, prostitutes, etc. They have deep seeded psychological issues, and typically come from fucked up circumstances. You're acting like the symptoms of drug abuse or depression are the problem.
We learned our lesson decades ago with alcohol prohibition; it is long overdue for us to do the same with marijuana prohibition.
No,Cocaine is immediately deadly, you can overdose from Cocaine, you cannot overdose from marijuana.
"I've worked in prisons, I know what and why they are there and they know they deserve it."

See msaadgem's comment (Most Diggs) at the top of the page.
Relating to that post....I never did say I was a guard nor the work I did there. But I did have access to offenders; we talked a lot and actually got to know one another quite well over the course of a year at which point they were actually willing to share their experience and reason/s for their incarceration.  
 
I would say that the majorityof long-time 'residence' were repeat offenders and at the core of their problem was drugs of multiple sorts -- marajuana being their so-called gateway drug.... they were open about that and so I will take the first-hand source over some periodical or those posting here.
 
Anyway, it's obvious that this is going nowhere. The general attitude and speeh of those using here seem to prove my point nicely. If society were comprised of people like mjm3783 and those I met in prison then the world would be a scary place to live.
I think you hit a nerve(!) 
Dang, never seen a more buried post than that. They should issue awards on Digg as conciliation prize    :)
I wouldn't say "immediately", you've got blow that shit for hours.  And a lot of it.
Come on man!  When was the last time you smoked mexican hardpack?  I would argue that most of the weed smoked in the US is homegrown...  Other than that, I completely agree with you.
Can you OD from it?
Nope... Why would they produce and promote a product that is less addictive than theirs and might encourage people to stop using their cash cow?  Nothing but bad for business for them.  Addiction = profit.  Why do you think the alcoholic beverage industry donated money to defeat Prop 19 in California?
Yes, all drugs should at least be decriminalized.  Why?  Because criminalization (prohibition) just plain doesn't work (and never will) and causes incredible harm and corruption in society.

To see whether decriminalization would be beneficial or not, we merely need to look at Portugal's example.
"You can't put a cost on health".
Explain health insurance and hospital bills.
You are more easily dismissed than this article.
This has been going on a long time. There is no reason not to legalize.

Unless you are getting rich off of the prison system and own it, what incentive do they have to change. 

Would you fix your own job to get paid less or not at all? Id think most would not...
"makes themselves"
Anyone who butchers English like that should himself be butchered.
Compared to what, completely legal and easily available alcohol? Which I dont think anyone will argue the dumbest thing they ever did was when blasted drunk. It is terrible for your health short and long term with liver damage and other glandular problems leading to obesity, diabetes, etc,  if you do it a lot.

You cannot smoke enough weed to have that effect, ever. It makes people chill the hell out is the worst effect it has.

And I am a high level IT guy who smokes me some every day for my own sanity when I get home, and I can be completely productive, unlike drinking. Granted, coding web pages and configuring servers is fairly difficult when baked, so I dont usually do it when I know I have some responsibility to tend to for a while.
You appear to be uninformed on this topic.
Maybe not this year, but it is inevitable.
RE: quotation marks around "read"

So you don't actually want him to read any of this? What did you want from him, then?
I'm burying you because you sound annoying.

Anyway, the only morally correct choice is obviously to legalize them all at once. Let's see if you agree.

Do you believe that rape is good, or do you believe instead that we should each have sovereignty over our own bodies?
Let's not; removing all laws would drastically increase entropy, and is therefore evil. Attitudes like yours would end civilization itself, so your judgement of others is hilariously irrelevant. You are morally bankrupt, apparently.

"One doesn't worry about the law if all they do is 'good'"

"The phrase 'No good deed goes unpunished' is a sardonic commentary on the frequency with which acts of kindness backfire on those who offer it. In other words, because life is inherently unfair, those who help others are doomed to suffer as a result of their being helpful.

It has been attributed to several luminaries, including Billy Wilder,[1] banker Andrew W. Mellon,[2] and Oscar Wilde.[3]"

I suppose you believe that this has never, in fact, happened.

Or you believe that, for example, mayors of American towns never get their homes invaded by dog-killing SWAT teams for absolutely no good reason, or that people never get wrongfully convicted.

Maybe you should choose your words more carefully?
"The general attitude and speeh of those using here seem to prove my point nicely."

Your point is, "I am less articulate than average"? Point taken, then.
Benefits?  The only benefits are to people and corporations involved in the Drug War industry and competing industries.  There are NO benefits to society from the Drug War.
Side effects may include increased metacognition, relaxation, happiness and contentment and a greater enjoyment of all things, especially music, food, philosophy, art and sex.

Weed: It's the cheapest drug there is!
Light up; lighten up.
Yes, without question.
In my opinion, it is the Alcohol and Tobacco industries that are supporting Prohibition.

While BIg Tobacco is already in the growning business and may be able to switch gears to produce marijuana, Big Alcohol will never get on board because as th4gr8cornholio says below, "Addiction = profit. Why do you think the alcoholic beverage industry donated money to defeat Prop 19 in California?"

I would much rather "spark up" then "crack open a cold one".  I do enjoy both but if I had to choose between on or the other, there is no contest.
Where there is a will there is a way.

If there is a demand, there will be a supply.
Absolutely!  But you can OD from marijuana too.  Gotta smoke like a QP in 20 minutes or something,  Physically impossible.  But I'm sure if you widdled it down to pure THC you could OD.
People with PHDs smoke weed.  I guess they are dumb.
Passion = Profit
So many people who "spark up", are truly passionate about this plant, so there are astronomical profits to be made with marijuana, not because of addiction, but because of passion, love and preference.
You can't expect for marijuana to be legalized and everything suddenly change. 50% of America supports legalization, but you can't forget the other half.
I believe it is going to be treated identical to Alcohol and Tobacco, therefore those companies will already have a head start in the business because they are more accustomed to dealing with regulations than a vast majority of companies are.
I believe they are just waiting for the day legalization is announced. Plus the tobacco and alcohol companies aren't actually pure evil, they don't WANT to kill people they just want a ton of money. That's why marijuana will be perfect for them.
(Companies can easily switch cash cows, Ex. Apple, it used to be solely computers. Now the focus isn't as much on their computer's as it is on the iPhone.)
In point of fact, the CA measure was a half-assed move to 'decriminalize' the weed, one that was actually more restrictive than obtaining a medical marijuana card from a doctor and getting the stuff from a dispenser. Hell, a bunch of pro-legalization folks were against it 'cause it wasn't a good bill.

There's another one coming up this year, one that's a bit more broad and powerful. We'll see how it does.
You're just spouting strawman arguments and convincing nobody.
No, it's buried because it's a stupid fucking comment, that's why. Note that your comments above aren't heavily buried (yet). . .probably because you at least bothered to put some effort into typing them up.
Maybe.  I wouldn't mind seeing less law enforcement money wasted on this, but I suspect "decriminalization" is a more likely step in the near term (10 years).  I could see it being decriminalized for a generation or two prior to being fully legal.  During this political era, legalization would just turn into another political football if anyone was foolish enough to raise it as a serious issue.
no,i,m just a man that trying to save people from drugs..marihouana is not  drug..it,s medicine...thank you..damianos-greece
I've seen worse posts that were not buried like that one.....I thought it both amusing and striking.
They should just do it. Let people smoke what they want. Its illegal in India but its smoked and drank in large numbers in India.
Legalization would earn billions ? Maybe... Legalization would kill how many ? The death industry has always been a very profitable one. And has found its PRs on this forum. Interesting. America will alway
To all that this may concern................................I'm NOT Ronnie
No.............it's NOT Ronnie.............it's his wife
I think the main reason they don't want to legalize it because its "natural". That's a pharmaceutical companies worst enemy. Think about it, who would by medicine if they can buy weed?
http://www.BiCupid.net is aimed to bisexual and bi-curious individuals to chat and hook up with.
Here you can find sexy and open-minded singles &couples looking to explore their bisexuality.
We also offer many features to facilitate people looking for anything from lovers to intimaterelationships.
Sign up and be connected with hundred of thousands of bi members today!
I do not know if it will be legal any time soon.  Medical mary jane is ok with me, but too many people will take advantage... I know that...
we the dutch have been making money on this for a very long time , money that is then used for hard drug prevention and education. don't forget that the hennep plan was outlawed only due to cotton lobbing. alcohol is no less dangerous and actually once addicted a much larger threat.
Ly Say Khieng is an enthusiastic, active, generous and successful businessman in Cambodia and has obtained recognition and high appreciation from the Royal Government of Cambodia, local and international communities because of his charity contributions to education and society as a whole. Tons and tons of rice, and other daily necessities,also construction of a 40-metre bridge in his hometown, are just few of his donations to the people of Cambodia

The SKL Group is a diversified group of companies operating in the Kingdom of Cambodia under the umbrella of  Ly Ang Say Khieng (SKL Group Holding Ltd). From its humble beginnings in 1990, the Group has expanded its businesses into key economic sectors of the country, which includes power transmission, inland dry port and warehousing, shipping, transportation and logistics, travel agency and real estate.

 

As an early and active participant in the development of the nation, the SKL Group has established an enviable track record for reliability and dependability in the services and products that it serves and provides to its multitude of business partners and customers, which includes multinationals and NGOs. The dynamism and pragmatism of the Group is best testified by its pioneering spirit in leading the successful private sector development of the power transmission network, inland dry port and toll roads in the country.

 

The corporate success of the Group is largely to attributable to its visionary and committed leadership, supported by a pool of dedicated and professional team, in delivering and meeting the expectations of its customers and other stakeholders such as business associates, investors, financiers, local authorities and the Government. The Group has always been guided by a win-win philosophy in its business dealing sto achieve the mutual interests and objectives of all parties. Even as it undertakes its corporate endeavors with vigor and enthusiasm, its strives to maintain its corporate social responsibility by participation in charitable activities, contribution of basic necessities to the poor, donation of rural infrastructure and adherence to environmental safeguards standards.

As per  Ly Say Khieng, SKLGroup is well-positioned to grow its existing businesses and to tap on new business opportunities in the steady growing economy of Cambodia and surrounding regions. With its excellent understanding of the market and business networking, backed by credibility and integrity built over time, it is poised for greater growth and expansion in tandem with the development potential of the country and the neighboring nations.
Unlike what legalization backers would like you to believe, this should not be a financial issue. Legalization is a moral and ethical issue. The argument should not be whether or not it would make the government money, the argument should be whether or not a government should be promoting and legitimizing a product that does nothing to advance us as a society. When a government legalizes and taxes something, it is a tacet endorsement of it. Legalization will just give me something else to have to tell my children that their government is wrong about. Medical marijuana is a scam for the majority of people using it. The people selling it know that, and the states who have legalized it know that. They've all just become blinded by the increased cash flow to care.
maybe its true
You cannot OD from Marijuana, plain and simple.
Duh
I just dugg Connor's story
El ahorro de dinero no debe ser la razón para legalizar el consumo de droga.
The so-called dirt weed you mention is for dummy loads. These loads are supposed to get caught so authorities can "handle" each other when they catch one. Sometimes they get thru undetected. The cartels run sophisticated  transnational money laundering operations-do you think they can't figure out how to procure good seed and  expertise to cultivate a quality product?
If my job was contributing to a dishonest unfair society I would look for alternate work.
