The future of the USA/Obamacare health care system. Right there, progressives. You're looking at it. Keep burying your useless heads in the sand.
follow me please
follow me please
> The future of the USA/Obamacare health care system.
> Right there, progressives. You're looking at it.
> Keep burying your useless heads in the sand.

Quit projecting, idiot.  Meanwhile, while YOUR head was in the sand, 120 Americans DIED today because they didn't have health insurance:

Educate yourself:
http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2009/09/new-study-finds-45000-deaths-annually-linked-to-lack-of-health-coverage/

We need a single payer system for health care in the USA right now:

Educate yourself:
http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-faq

The only reason we do NOT have a single payer system in the USA is because of corruption and greed for the few while the many suffer and die:

Educate yourself:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QwX_soZ1GI

Seriously, educate yourself.
This kind of shit happens everywhere - and quite frequently in the USA right now - in the existing system pre-Obamacare. Just google "woman dies in hospital waiting room" for some examples of the shit that happens in the American system as it is. 

Maybe people do have their head in the sand - but if you really believe that these edge cases are indicative of the overall effectiveness of the NHS, then you have yours in your ass.
"Sentenced to death for being old: The NHS denies life-saving treatment to the elderly, as one man's chilling story reveals"
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2126379/Sentenced-death-old-The-NHS-denies-life-saving-treatment-elderly-mans-chilling-story-reveals.html
I like it when the facts trump the ignorance and hype!
seems like you need to educate yourself.  obamacare is NOT universal healthcare.  not even close.  under obamacare those 120 americans would have still died.
So the doctors in England said no but the consultant did and the NHS paid for him to go to queen elizabeth in Birmingham.  Seems British medical practice is more at fault than the actual NHS.  Is there a policy or does the NHS simply accept the first doctors recommendation?  Elderly in the US routinely get truckloads of care because well they are all insured.

FTA

"This operation involves removing the bladder, surrounding lymph nodes and the prostate gland. Though neither Michele nor her father had private medical insurance, the new consultant arranged for Kenneth to have the operation on the NHS at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Birmingham. "
Would have been nice if they actually explain WHY he was without food for FOUR days.  Only thing mentioned in the article was being stuck on the runway for 2 hours waiting for a flight to a different facility.  Was it just that his treatment kept getting delayed and he wasn't allowed to eat prior to surgery?  If that was the case, it sucks, but people can go much longer without food and he would have been under care and monitored at all times. 
The headline brings visions of him being was left alone in a room and no-one checking up on him for four days, but the actual article fails to explain it at all.
>obamacare is NOT universal healthcare

I never said it was.  I'm speaking of a single payer system for health care which I'm sure the poster hates just as much as Obamacare.

And, as weak as Obamacare is, it still IS saving lives every day.
obamacare is not universal healthcare, therefore it is not a single payer system. a single payer system is run by the government, not dozens of for-profit insurance companies who only exist to shave profit off the top.

all obamacare does is keep the insurance companies in power while allowing them to increase the cost of healthcare, all for a smidgeon of extra coverage for those already insured.  it keeps the status quo, it allows the insurance companies to siphon profit that could go to healthcare in a universal healthcare system.  

the real joke is on fools like you who think you're getting what you want when in reality the insurance companies are getting what they want.  they've given barely anything, yet you've given them the right to survive when we were on the verge of absolving them entirely. you've been tricked and fooled and even if it takes you 10 years to realize it or not, you will eventually see the disastrous results and there's no turning back the clock. 

this is not a parallel route to universal healthcare it's taking, it is a route that goes in a completely opposite direction from what we need.  

obamacare will never lead to universal healthcare, but it will fill a fat mans belly and buy him a new yacht and a series of summer homes.
In the US people will often put off a minor health issue if they lack insurance and then when it becomes serious they go to the emergency room.
The hospital must accept them even if they can't pay but this cost gets passed on to others who can pay.
So some sorta basic national health care could reduce medical expenses by allowing people to get minor issues treated while they are still minor.
"which I'm sure the poster hates just as much as Obamacare"
Actually, I would not be opposed to it if it were ran by properly, which I no faith in our government to do so. 
I've seen the Japanese health care system, and it does work quite well for smaller issues. 
But what differentiates us and Japan is that they rarely have malpractice lawsuits and mountains of regulations doctors/hospitals/billers have to go through. Their costs are far lower (almost 1/10th, if I remember correctly). 
We would need a complete overhaul of the entire industry, and that just wont happen with our unions, lawyers, etc.
Amazing people don't see this clearly. 

Cause for Obamacare: Not enough people insured
Solution for Obamacare: Force everyone to buy insurance

Problem solved. A forcing of your money over to the insurance company. 

Who benefits? Insurance companies.
> obamacare is not universal healthcare

You sure do a lot of talking for someone who lacks reading comprehension.  Dude, go back and READ what I said, please and drop it.

REPEAT: (Copy and pasted from my response to you already)

" ... I never said it was. I'm speaking of a single payer system for health care which I'm sure the poster hates just as much as Obamacare. ... "

Reading comprehension.  Look into it.  I've also never said that I like Obamacare compared to a single payer system, either.

Also, your all or nothing approach to Obamacare is shortsighted.  Despite how much you hate it (and I do as well), there are aspects of it that are saving lives as we speak including allowing children to stay on their parents insurance longer and dealing with pre-existing conditions.  Life isn't black and white and either is Obamacare and I never equated Obamacare as the same thing as a single payer system no matter how many times you may have hallucinated me saying that.

While you are at it.  Go look at the links I have up there and practice some more reading comprehension.  Jeez...
Reading from the script, are you? Blame unions, trial lawyers (you forgot teachers!) and everyone except the corporatists who profit the most from our current corrupt system.  Take a look at reality:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QwX_soZ1GI
(straight from the horse's mouth)

> I no faith in our government to do so.

Then we should dismantle the military ASAP and have walmart handle it, correct?

Just because you have no faith in the American people doesn't mean the rest of us have given up yet.

In the amount of time you've read this, it's likely yet another couple of Americans died in agony because of our current, corrupt privatized system.

If you think OUR government is so horrible that it can't run anything, then get off your ass and get involved in YOUR government.  Otherwise, you're just another brick in the wall.
