interesting article
I like this article because it hits home to RELIGION as a whole. All people who have started wars or have invaded other countries have ties to a form of religion. The heart of the matter is how close were they to God? Keep in mind God never told man to be religious, rather listen and follow His commandments in the case of Moses. When Jesus became of age to teach, God told the Apostles, this is my beloved Son hear Him. If we look closely at the Bible we see many things pertaining to the heart of man and the condition of mans standing before God. God also told Noah that the heart of man is evil continually. Through the Bible with Israel and David as King we see God working. It was by divine intervention that David would war against a neighbor. The distinct difference is God was directing David in the wars against other nations. As the Bible tells us, it is God who knows the Heart and Mind of mankind. 

To elude that RELIGION is the fault of wars and bloodshed does nothing but place a band-aid over the problem. The real problem is our own hearts! What are we seeking in the conquests of war? Riches, abolish race, remove ideology in conflict and take over to rule or enslave. What are the motives of these wars? Has God been directly involved as with King David? RELIGION as a whole contains God in a box. Not much legalism with God to simply have faith and love the Lord God with all your heart, mind and soul. To love your neighbors as yourself.  

With the ushering in of Satan after creation has tilted our standing before God. Our view is obscure because of sin in the world. Love is the single thing that brings us closer to God and places our hearts in a better perspective. The Bible shows us what love is by the fruit of Gods spirit. But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, 23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.
Gal 5:22-23 (KJV)

Notice love being the first characteristic mentioned, without love being in the front line. We cannot even come close to the other attributes of the fruits of spirit.

RELIGION by nature of word is man made and by ritualism is also man made. Did God come out of the blue to say be Methodist, Catholic or Evangelical? I must have missed that day. What God did say is listen and Have faith. The Bible is a wonderful letter from God to mankind which mirrors our errors but gives light to a remedy.
Matthew 5: 43-48
