this is pretty old news

and granted people who have problems coming to terms with their homosexuality 
is likely to become very homophobic 

but some people can be homophobic just because they are dicks who have sad lives and get a rise out of hating others and putting them down.
I never got the logic of Christians fighting the "temptation" of homosexual urges.
I never got the logic of radical Muslims wanting to hang me in Iran or execute me in Iraq or send me to jail for being gay.
This is over-anal-yzing.

Sure, there may be a few who are hiding their homosexuality behind a mask of homophobia, but lot of religious people interpret their Bible or Koran in a way that says homosexuality is wrong.  It's as simple as that and it doesn't make them gay for believing that. 

If Christians don't agree with my lifestyle as a gay man, I can live with that.  In many Muslim countries, I could not live with that because I could face execution or imprisonment.  The Christians aren't trying to lock me up here in America nor are they executing us.
I agree, there are many straight people out there that got indoctrinated by their parents from an early age.  If they espoused the leviticus section to their children at an early age, they learn to avoid and hate gays because of that.
You're completely off my trail of thought, or the joke.

You're defending Christians by slinging mud on radical Muslims, and that shows how good you are at defending against my statement that "people who aren't gay, don't have to fight homosexual urges."
I ain't no queer as my good friends and roomates Bruce and Fabio can attest to!
Agreed.

My philosophy is live and let live.  I'm not threatened by Brian and Mark or Susan and Terry.

I understand that there are some people who have a problem with it and, specifically gay marriage, since they see marriage as a religious institution.

Telling someone who doesn't approve of gay marriage that it means they are obviously gay themselves isn't going to win over anyone.
There's really no other plausible way to explain those sweater vests on Santorum, really. Deliberate ugliness to hide their in-built fabulous fashion sense.
Not yet, they're not.
Natural appetite for women. Not gay.
considering homophobia is the fear of being gay.. like dur.. we knew this shit in the 80's, l0l
I'm not gay, my boyfriend is!
Dude, sweater vest are hot right now, don't be a fag.
So true, the hatred that is put upon gays is the same that is put upon Muslims.  It's time to realize who the real enemy is.
OMG...does this mean I am gay...nope...i dont find another guys hairy butt sexy in the least.
"I never got the logic of radical Muslims wanting to hang me in Iran or execute me in Iraq or send me to jail for being gay."

Don't for a second think or lay claim to the idea that Muslims or Iranians are going to inflict violence or oppression on gay AMERICANS before Christian Americans would. There's hundreds of instances in this country of conservative Christian Americans acting virtually no better than 3rd world peoples you're condemning & you're turning a blind eye to it. 2 words: Matthew Shepard.

The single biggest threat to your personal lifestyle & your freedom to practice it, Alan, is your own political party. Inserting the practices of other nations into how THIS nation treats homosexuals is false dichotomy. Don't flatter yourself into thinking terrorists on the other side of the world care what you do personally, or would act out because of that when someone here who votes nearly identical to you more likely will.

Yes, Muslims & Iranians might imprison & kill their gay people & its most definitely wrong, but the more batshit Christian conservative Americans won't even give YOU the "imprison" option if they had it entirely their way.
You were doing so well for a minute there.  Are you physically capable of entering a conversation without bringing up the evils of Islam?
Don't denigrate homosexuals by connecting them with sweater vests.
So Christians have never killed, imprisoned or oprressed gay people for being gay? 

Shit, someone should tell Matthew Shepard's parents.


No, there's no systematic imprisonment or execution of gay people here, but that doesn't mean there aren't Christian Americans who would support it. That nanny-state government you hate so much is actually what helps prevent that from happening here.
Homosexuality has practically been proven to be natural, btw.
Just a cannibal ;)
Homophobia doesn't exist. No respectable scientist should ever use that term.
Neither does racism or sexism.  /s

GUYS, SLOPPY SOLVED ALL OUR PROBLEMS! JUST PRETEND THEY DON'T EXIST!
Notice that neither "racism" or "sexism" ends in "-phobia."
Try again.
Notice that "marxism" and "racism" DO both have the same ending, and yet it's okay that they don't mean the same thing.  Welcome to English.
I'm talking about scientists, who are *supposed* to use accurate language. The term "homophobia" is completely inaccurate. Also, it is a biased term coined by the pro-homosexual side. It suggests that anybody who doesn't fully condone homosexual activity has a mental illness.
Heres the difference...in Iran or Saudi Arabia you can go before a Judge or to a Police Station and report the crime of Homosexuality...enforcing the law and punishing that crime is a part of their society. It is no longer a part of ours since the Supreme Court invalidated Sodomy Laws. If you are persecuted by a christian whacko in our society, they take that action as individuals, not on behalf of society.
I personally don't wanna see guys dressed as village people grind-dancing in front of me, but they can do whatever they want - i'm just not gonna look...however I do find two chicks hot...so I'm all for gay rights, especially lesbians.
But you can't change other people's societies.  How about we worry about things that affect our personal lives first, rather than worrying what people on the other side of the planet are doing?  Their attitudes suck, I know, but what are you gonna do?
I dunno, I've never really understood the whole idea that there are people out there who hate gay people or whatever "just because."  Just, the way I look at the world, someone has to affect me personally in order for me to hate them.  I can't think of a single instance in my life where I've ever hated anyone who was minding their own business and not bothering me.  

Oh sure, the homophobes will chime in saying that gay people don't mind their own business, that they're "flaunting it in everyone else's faces," that they're forcing the rest of us to change by changing the laws, or whatever, but I think that's bullshit.  I've never been upset because a group simply wants recognition in our culture and under our laws.  There are plenty of subcultures I don't much care for, but I don't think they need to just "keep it to themselves" or whatever.  I think the people obsessed with anime are kinda out there, but do I get angry because I see someone decked out in all their anime gear or anything?  No.  I don't get why seeing someone expressing who they are should bother anyone.
Why are you sympathetic to people with no respect for the first amendment?  You can believe whatever the fuck you want, but once you think that your religion should dictate the law, you are spitting in the face of everything this country stands for.
Reread my comment and get back to me.  Someone started drinking the angry juice early this evening.
"Don't for a second think or lay claim to the idea that Muslims or Iranians are going to inflict violence or oppression on gay AMERICANS before Christian Americans would."

Hey ... you just made that shit up because you WANT it to be true.

It's not true.
Okay then. Find me the instance where a foreign Muslim killed a gay American more recently than the last instance a Christian/conservative American killed a gay American.

...I'll wait.

Meanwhile, lets Google the total number of instances where a Christian/conservative American has committed any violent criminal action against a gay American. If you think none exist, you're either a worse troll than I thought or a much dumber person than I thought.
Nope, you're still being sympathetic to people with no respect for the first amendment.  The thing is, I can't understand those people, I can't relate to them.  The logic they use in their arguments is mind-boggling.  No matter what, it all comes down to them attempting to impose their religious views on others through the force of law.
Why not, your Jesus freak friends are just the same.  Only you seem to think that your two-faced hypocrisy is a valid excuse for your bigotry.
Still with the lying.  the only reason you don't face jail is because your betters managed to get the sodomy laws overturned.  Otherwise your friends would have no problem with acting just like their foreign counterparts.
In other words, in addition to being a superstitious idiot, you are also a homophobe who lacks the moral fiber to admit the truth.

How does it feel to be a failure by almost every measure of decency?
Your post does not seem to be related to mine.
if it was not gays it would be some other group some needs to hate somebody
. Look who's obsessed with it!
You proposed an IDEA.

What do you think would happen to a gay American traveling to Iran?

Is a gay American safer in America, or in a hard-line Muslim country?
I said that I understand that some people who consider marriage solely as a religious institution may have a problem with gay marriage.

Gay marriage isn't an issue for me.  I think it should be legal.

Telling people who have religious objections to gay marriage that they are obviously gay themselves will not win them over.

I understand the reality we live in.
The term "homophobic" was coined by Dr. George Weinberg, who happens to be a friend of mine, in 1968, and he is completely heterosexual and has been married for 46 years. George has been an executive producer and consultant to Dr. Phil and Dr. Oz.

Like usual, the homophobes are squirming in their skin and just can't possibly believe that we homosexuals didn't invent this term or condition to insult them personally because they aren't comfortable with their own sexuality.

Larry Craig, Mark Foley and how many other right-wing people who have voted against gay civil rights who have been caught with a literal dick in their mouth?

Keep telling yourselves how much it grosses you out and one day you will be butt-up and getting fudge-packed yourself!

Don't tell me the thought of that doesn't excite some of you! I know it does!
I know this post is going to go off like a stick of dynamite but I'm going to say it anyway.

When you're a child they tell you there's an Easter Bunny and a Santa Claus and you believe it but you grow up and it falls by the wayside.

How can you people who cling to religion like a life raft continue to hang on so tightly when it makes no more sense than believing in Santa Claus?

Show me one single shred of proof that Christ is any more real than the Easter Bunny and I'll go to church.

Until then, you have the right to believe in whatever you want to but fucking keep it to yourselves and keep it the fuck out of MY government!

That's part of the First Amendment and Thomas Jefferson made sure of that when he wrote the damned thing!

You can keep repeating that the Founding Fathers were Christians (they actually were not all Christians like George Washington who no one can prove what church, if any, he attended after the age of 16 and Thomas Jefferson who, while attending the Church of England (Episcopal) was an agnostic by the time he was 42 and Ambassador to France).

Thomas Jefferson was written out of many history books for nearly 100 years because they discovered he had a child with one of his slaves! They mentioned he was a President but cited him as a completely "unpopular" leader and textbooks printed in the south referred to him as a "nigger-lover" until the mid-1950s.

Now, all of a sudden, those same evangelicals who once called him a "nigger-lover", now call him a "visionary Christian".

Ever hear of revisionary history? Baby, you're living through it right now!
Stop blaming stupid minds for "youth programming" when you could give that same Leviticus paragraph to 100 people who have never read it before and ask them what it means and they would give you 100 different interpretations!
How exactly does the 1st amendment play into this? I don't agree with nearly anything they say about homosexuality, but it isn't establishing a religion anymore than it's banning freedom of speech.
If you establish your personal religious definition of marriage as the only one recognized as law, you're establishing that your religion gets preferential treatment under the law in violation of the 1st Amendment.  What about religions that don't agree with your personal definition of marriage?  Why should one religion get to define what marriage means in a legal sense?
