By FAR, the best 14 seconds of Kimmel's routine: http://youtu.be/qb8f2UG55fw
your pettiness is showing. The BEST part was his attack on the Obama administrations attack on marijuana.
Kimmel was just okay. I was disappointed, expecting more. He petered out in the last 3-4 minutes. No one will ever top Colbert.
You have your opinion; I have mine.  If mine makes me "petty" in your eyes, I think I can live with the shame.
I like this one: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YZ4kDXosrg
So you are going to SERIOUSLY say that was the funniest line of the night, and has nothing to do with your bias on the subject?
The Hillary drunk texting was hilarious too.
I forgot about that one. <chuckle> My favorite was his first though. Damn, I watched it again the other day and couldn't stop laughing.
I never claimed that my amusement at that segment of Kimmel's spiel has nothing to do with my disgust over the "Project Gunwalker" abomination, and the mass media's sycophantic avoidance of the subject.
Says the birther. So you admit it has nothing to do with humor, just you being crazy. Yes, I've never heard a WORD about "Project Gunwalker". You mentioning it is the first time ever.

LMMFAO. You go girl!
"Says the birther."

Um . . . "birther"?  When have I EVER expressed doubt about Obama's Hawaiian birth?

Clearly, you are utterly clueless.  I have no more time for your idiocy.
You have to excuse kingy, shes a progressive.
Kimmel honestly started off really strong, then suddenly fell flat about haflway through.  IT was like he had too much drinkey, or suddenly had to go to the can or something.  He started rushing thru the material and not stopping for his applause lines.
I liked the one where Obama showed just how much of a fucking jackass Trump is. It puts me to mind on how he shows, on a daily basis, how much of a jackass the entire Republican party is.
Trump should just cut the hair off and go natural or go to china and buy prisoner hair plugs
I can't imagine what reason anyone could have for burying you.  Colbert's performance is legendary.
This is hysterical period! It shows you how the politicians are regular people like all of us behind the scenes and not" the almighty mortals that should not make any mistakes," like we expect them not to. It bring us a taste of reality and we can take a minute to realize they are just like the rest of us responsibilities. 
Watching his routine reminded me why I never watch his show (and continually wonder how he ever got one in the first place.
This is really such a very interesting topic. And i find it really cool.
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
If you want to advertise here, FUCKING PAY FOR IT.

Now take your SLEAZY PORN and shove it up your ass.
i thought he was drunk when i first watched it.  he slurred some words here and there.  he rushed a lot of the more obscure punchlines, too.  the audience didn't even have a chance to parse out the gag and suddenly he's on to the next one.  i thought they were funny but the audience missed a lot of it.
You're right.  I still remember Colbert's performance.
I thought the Chris Christie fat jokes from Kimmell were a bit too harsh, but Christie seemed to take them in good humor.
Please vote for our fine president.
Say NO to republicans. Say NO to conservatives.
always vote democratic.
After Colbert, all the others are disappointing. Watching him tear apart Bush was one of the most exhilarating moments in modern politics.
Honestly... The president was funnier than Kimmel. I did love his last line though.
Not that I agree with what liberty says, but are you seriously saying you've never heard about it? I don't even know how that's possible.
nah no way, Kimmel had me laughin my ass off.  the olive garden state was a great line.
not that i don't enjoy seeing you rip them apart, you do know they are probably automated spam bots right?
someone dug you down.  they think trump should keep the comb over.
Oh I agree, I laughed quite a few times, but the prez was better in my opinion :)
Jimmy Kimmel has never been hilarious... And he kept the status quo here.
you must be fat.
A little bit of a beer belly that I've put on over the years after getting married, but not really like the Gov.  I have my faults, but I have never found making fun of someone's weight to be that funny.  Under the circumstances, I could see a joke or two on his weight -- but he did at least three in a row.
