http://digg.com/newsbar/topnews/first_intel_smartphone_in_shops_1
http://digg.com/newsbar/topnews/first_intel_smartphone_in_shops_1
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
If you want to advertise here, fucking PAY FOR IT.

Now take your PORN and shove it up your ass.
If you want to advertise here, fucking PAY FOR IT.

Now take your PHONE and shove it up your ass.
If you want to advertise here, fucking PAY FOR IT.

Now take your PHONE and shove it up your ass.
I think the main problem is that most self-identifying Republicans have been brainwashed into thinking that the America the Republican party promises is meant for them. Alas, they are deluded if they think that Romney (or any Republican politician) is all for building an America where the middle class does well. It is a country of the rich, by the rich, for the rich, and built on the backs of the poor and working.

This is not the land of promise it once was, it is now a wholely-owned subsidiary of I-Got-Mine-So-Fuck-You Inc.
please wait quietly until the conveyor belt speeds up again
how would we know if Krugman's and Phil Perspective's mind were wasted?
Just digg the comment down, the report it.   Pretty effective, don't you think?
It reminds me of the scene in American Psycho...Patrick Bateman leaning over the guy lying on the street, he says, "Get a goddam job", just before he stabs him to death....Bateman later goes on to say...

"I have all the characteristics of a human being-- 
flesh, blood, skin, hair-- 
but not a single, clear, identifiable emotion, 
except for greed and disgust. "
Big Education of today was created by the left, for the left....... 

.....If it is failing, and it is, it is a failure of the left.

But that is nothing new..... the left is prone to failure.
D'oh why would there be jobs for young people with unemployment as high as it is?  Jeez 5000 people line up for 100 jobs at Wal Mart and he's sitting around scratching his head wondering about recent college graduates.
I am not young, but I am new graduate with a Masters in Library Science.  With public cuts in library services and student loans in my mix as well, I believe I may be, to put it not so delicately, screwed.  Still, I will put on my (older) optimistic job hunting face and do my best.  

When the Khmer Rouge took over in Cambodia, those with higher education and intellectuals were eliminated.  The Republicans certainly push back against those very same groups, or so it seems from their rhetoric.  It is all smoke and mirrors, and very, very frightening in a way I just articulated.
Why wouldn't there be jobs for recent college graduates?  Corporations are making record profits, the stock market is up 100% in the past 4 years, GDP is growing and executive pay is on the rise (even though it's already as high as it's been in 80 years).

College grads don't wait in line for minimum wage jobs at Walmart.
Treehuger pulls Dr_Right's fingers out of his ears:

"What about No Child Left Behind?  That was a Republican drafted law, voted in by Republicans over the Democratic minority who opposed it.  What about the unfunded mandates created by NCLB and the fact that good teaching and good education was pushed aside by bad policy?"

Treehuger puts Dr_Right's fingers back into his ears:

Dr_Right's head explodes
awesome!!
I must ask you ... do you believe that technology is making libraries obsolete?  Personally, I love my local library, but it seems more and more is available online.
Times, they are a'changin.  It's past time for young people entering university and universities themselves to consider skills that are marketable.  There are many skills that will always be needed.  i.e. medical, vehicle mechanic, etc...

The economy may NOT want another English major, or a sociology major ... etc.
I hope and pray that we can fight back that doctrine of"I-Got-Mine-So-f**k-You." You got a point there, Mr/Ms. Nobody!
Sorry tree...... You are wrong on two separate fronts.....

First....
No Child Left Behind was coauthored by Representatives John Boehner (R-OH), George Miller (D-CA), and Senators Edward Kennedy (D-MA) and Judd Gregg (R-NH).

Secondly.....
The article was more focused toward higher education were NCLB was not a factor.

You just demonstrated my point about education.....
Here we are, firmly planted in the age of the internet, and you go get a Masters in Library Science???????

......and it is the Republicans fault you can't find a job???????

.......Maybe you should take a long look in the mirror.
Why wouldn't there be jobs for recent college graduates?
  -- There are no jobs for underwater basket weaving.

Corporations are making record profits
  -- The few that are doing work are in high demand.

the stock market is up 100% in the past 4 years]
  --  Adjust for all the hidden inflation that isn't being counted.  Food and Fuel and the stock market is not up nearly as much as you would think.  Plus the fact that it has itself become a haven much like gold for protecting money against inflation means that prices might be overvalued.

GDP is growing
  --  Counting government work as contributing to GDP is a little asinine.

executive pay is on the rise (even though it's already as high as it's been in 80 years).
  -- Guess what?  If you're good enough to make run a solid business in a flagging economy, why not reward the executives?
A masters in library science? And you wonder why you can't find a job.

For christ sakes I have over a dozen high paying entry level developer jobs I absolutely CAN NOT fill with native folks because morons are engaging in career college lives getting masters degrees in worthless shit.

Stop comparing people to Khmer Rouge and owning up to your shitty poorly thought out decisions. I have no sympathy for you.
May I ask why you got a Masters in Library Science?  As others have pointed out, the idea of a library is quickly beginning to fade as most of the non-fiction information is almost more readily accessible than going to a library to look at the actual paper book.  And I imagine in 50 years most of the existing libraries will have scanned in their books.  Seems to me it'd be as if you got a degree in buggie-whip weaving.

Moreover, why a Masters at all?  What was your undergrad in?  Did it not provide you the chance at a job?  Did you think about looking into other degrees that would get you a better job?  And why, especially if you are older, did you take out student loans rather than cash-flow it?  Student loans, I feel, are part of the problem that no one wants to discuss.
Buh... buh... buhh... then I don't get my absolute dream job.

Kids today are largely taught find a career path that they'll be happy with. WRONG. 

Find a career path that has plenty of job openings and that pays goods. Be an adult and own up to being a productive member of society, even if that means not having your dream job.
You pointed out where treehugger was wrong but failed to recognize the contradiction in your previous statement.

No Child Left Behind is a GREAT example of the fiscally unsustainable bipartisan destruction of the educational system in this country. Yet in your original comment you said the left is at fault.

Both the left and right are the blame. They are the same thing.
Do me a favor.  Show up on election day with a sign that says "I represent the Republican Party.  College is useless, Americans are incapable of doing quality work, protect the gold standard and corporate CEOs are underpaid!"

And government employment is *down* over the past 3 years while GDP is up.  Nothing about our positive GDP growth has to do with an increase in government employment.
Yes, but sometimes catharsis feels good.
Yes, but sometimes catharsis feels good.
I don't mean to say that if someone has an extreme talent in something, like writing or playing a musical instrument, etc... that they should give up a dream.

But if a kid is going to pursue something that they haven't shown a talent for, personally, I think parents or educators ought to step in and say, "That's just NOT your best path."

I'm sure that by saying that not everyone is cut out for university, it gives the liberals the chance to jump in and say, "You hate teh education!"  

Also... it's my understanding that most colleges/universities make students fulfill a number of liberal arts courses in order to get a degree.  These are things that should have been learned in high school.

We need to really look at re-tooling the way higher ed works in this country.  In some other countries students are tested at different levels and sometimes the system says, "I'm sorry, you aren't testing well enough to attend university and study engineering, but here is a trade school where you can get a certificate for ________."
So less government employees means GDP goes up?  :D

Did I seriously just get you to admit that?  There's hope for you yet.
Someone needs to show me how Big Ed is failing.
They get a guaranteed stream of public money and can arbitrarily raise their rates.  Looks to me like they win, and win big.
NCLB had Democratic co-sponsors and passed by a wide margin in both the House and Senate.  However, the majority of legislators by a 2:1 margin who voted against it were Democrats.  As far as I'm concerned, NCLB never should have been voted into law.  Any Democrat who voted for it should have been run out of office for voting for a bill that had no chance of resulting in better education.  Any Republican who voted for it should have been run out of office for voting for such an expensive bill that could only be paid for with deficit spending.

If we're focusing on higher education, then you really can't point at any failure of that system.  Higher education is producing highly capable, intelligent, hard-working Americans.  The fact that the giant multinational corporations are raking in record profits but can't find a place for an educated and talented but young employee shows you how short-sighted they are.
Correlation does not imply causation.  I was merely pointing out your lack of command of basic facts.  Most likely this is due to watching Fox news (http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2011/11/21/fox-news-viewers-uninformed-npr-listeners-not-poll-suggests/).
"I don't mean to say that if someone has an extreme talent in something, like writing or playing a musical instrument, etc... that they should give up a dream."

It's not about giving up dreams, it's about setting realistic goals. You can still have a job that pays the bills and pursue your dreams at the same time. 

Putting practical work experience on hold in the hope that you *might* achieve some dream job is idiotic, naive, and short sighted.

"Also... it's my understanding that most colleges/universities make students fulfill a number of liberal arts courses in order to get a degree. These are things that should have been learned in high school."

I couldn't agree more. When my grandfather attended the first high schools in the US he was there to learn a trade skill. Now public high schools are largely nothing more than glorified day care for teenagers.
Less democrats voted for it than republicans therefore democrats are good.

Give me a break.
So maybe, major in music...minor in computer science.
How many highly paid musicians today got to where they're at because of a college degree in music?
And they're building such beautiful new facilities. There are three new buildings going up right now at a nearby major public university, and plenty of administrators building personal empires.
The truth previously, and now, is that if you want to grow your country and economy there are two areas that HAVE to have spending.

Education and technology.
@Ouzel, Dr. Right, Auditor

Why would the death of print media automatically mean the death of libraries? Especially with the internet still not being universally in the homes of every American?

Libraries as an institution will continue to adapt, as the rest of the market has as well. For example, my local library now has tablets available for checkout, and has engaged in lend-lease programs with textbook agencies to deliver schoolbooks on a per-semester rental basis, for little or no money from the end user. Libraries themselves still have roles to fill.
@linux

How many highly paid musicians got to where they are today with the help of, or tutoring by, someone with that college degree in music?
Did you miss the part where they said whichever politicians on either side who voted for it should be thrown out?

It's ok to recognize individual merit on the part of some politicians.
That sounds great until you realize that public education in the US has been extremely costly and increasingly, a failure.
I agree that libraries are not obsolete... but surely you don't see it as an expanding field, do you?  DO you?  ReAlLy?  Would you encourage your kid to get an advanced degree in library science?

And dauntless directed the question to me ... but any of you guys posting here are welcome to answer it, I'm sure.
Linux - actually, quite a few, I'd imagine.
Can you name a few? I'm honestly curious.
But it's not okay to recognize people as individuals when it comes to the regressive tax code you support!

How cute.
I guess you are right..... great business.

..... but they are more interested in indoctrinating new little Democrats than preparing students to make a living.
I didn't bring up NCLB..... tree did. I just pointed out the error in the blame.

It is about big education failing to prepare students to make a living.

....because they are controlled by the left.
NCLB=strawman..... it is about the failure of the leftist education system.
http://www.helium.com/knowledge/261692-the-most-famous-julliard-graduates

There are all sorts of unknown musicians who work in, say, traveling Glenn Miller orchestra tour.  Or doing session work.

They make good money.
When I started lookingfor a field of endevor, I looked for a field that would support my employment for the future.....

.....Library Science never even made the long list.

I don't have a thing against libraries, but you don't need a crystal ball to tell you it is a field that is in decline...... not growing.
The strawman is that it is somehow the fault of a "leftist" education system that has led to corporations being shortsighted, greedy and selfish.  The American college education system is second to none in the world.  The corporations, on the other hand, are failing to deliver.  It's time to break up the big corporations, remove financial (corporate) ownership of politicians and introduce fair competition into American capitalism.  The crony capitalism that we have now has always failed and is doomed to fail again.
Fair point, I stand corrected.
You just got done saying NCLB was passed with majority support from the right yet now you claim the left controls big education.

Admit it, both the left and right have their hands in the big education cookie jar. There is no denying it.
I said NCLB was coauthored by.......

and no....... the left is the undisputed major player in the "big education cookie jar".
No problem.  There's also money to be made teaching music, or giving private lessons.
The corporations are delivering just fine..... to their stakeholders. That is what they are supposed to do.

And just think about the lunacy of a student being taught for 4 years that corporations are "shortsighted, greedy and selfish".........

........ and then they expect to get hired by them?

Only in the twisted world of the left does this make any sense at all.
That's a flat out ignorant statement.

The mayor in the small town I live in is a life-long Republican and he has been behind two separate levies to help fund the local public schools. Under his administration my property taxes have nearly doubled thanks to those levies.

Everything I've seen from the right is pro-government run schools. Now certainly there is something to be said about the right supporting school choice slightly more-so than the left but that seems to be largely a charade. Both sides support the current paradigm of government run and centrally managed school systems.
If we had a pro-growth oriented government instead of one that wants to expand its reach and control of our lives, there would be demand for our college kids.
Finally, a topic Krugman can speak with first-hand authority on.
The corporations are not delivering just fine to their stakeholders.  Stakeholders include their employees (who are suffering from stagnant wages), the communities (who are suffering from a lack of property tax and school tax income), the environment in the areas where they operate, the businesses that operate in the areas are them, their executives and their shareholders.


Only your personal little twisted world do you imagine that the only thing a college student is learning is that corporations are "shortsighted, greedy and selfish".  That's *my* quote, not the four-year syllabus from every college and university in the United States.  And only in your personal twisted little world do you imagine that the only people a corporation should hire are people who agree that every thing that the corporation is doing right now is perfect in every way.
Ohhhhh..... I forgot the whole world revolves around the "small town you live in and what YOU have seen........

I get it now..........
Reply to all above-I have a Masters in Library and INFORMATION Science (MLIS)-I shortened the degree title for simplification.

First, Mr. Linux Person, if you are looking for tech people, they are out there in Library Science and awaiting your call.  I suggest you post your job openings on the American Library Association website (www.ala.org)-you WILL have applicants.  There is a similar degree many "Information Schools" (what library school are called now) now offer-the Masters of Science in Information Management (MSIM)-you may want to put that as "preferred" on your job postings.

As far as keeping up, libraries and library schools are absolutely scrambling to stay on the pulse of technology.  
Still-we want to maintain and promote our core values: information access and literacy (that includes computer literacy and access), scholarship and intellectual freedom, plus so much more.
There is also the sheer enjoyment of an activity that will never become outdated-reading itself.  The "codex" format of the book as we know it has survived since the Middle Ages; it is merely the means of conveyance that has changed, not the activity of reading itself.  Many libraries have e-books available-the main issue is licensing the electronic format.    
Currently, Seattle Public Library is concentrating on providing patrons with basic job seeing skills-computer literacy (looking for and applying for jobs on the web), resume writings skills, and basic interview do's and don'ts  About a month ago, there was free tax help.  I live in child filled neighborhood-children's programming and collection development is still in high demand.  Any of you out there who have been a caretaker for young children?  School age children also have librarians who act as book advisors and volunteers who provide homework help.  Those services are needed and appreciated in this community, and people are still willing to pay for them.  The true test will be an upcoming Seattle PL bond vote in November.  

I'll let you all ponder the above- then take a field trip to your local library and see in person how library science IS staying relevant in your community-be it in school libraries, public, or university libraries.  If your library not staying relevant, I am sure that the staff will appreciate your thoughtful feedback.  "Patrons" have become "customers" now-librarianship has adopted a marketplace mindset.

Personally, I was a pharmacist before, but the increasing volume of prescriptions and decreasing competent help made my job impossible-not only was I unable to provide quality patient care; despite my efforts to be thorough, I feared that one day I would make "the error".  Dealing with life and death is incredibly stressful, and shift work and weekends is very difficult once kids start their laundry list of activities.  
I live in in the town where I went to grad school-Seattle-still cranking out those grads!
I suspect after my own search I'll be in pretty good shape-Health Information Specialists are in demand.  Most journals are electronic now, and medical science is expanding exponentially.  Health professionals of all stripes have to keep up, and someone needs to be there to do the legwork for them.  Thus, I am relevant, at least in my area of expertise.  For me it's a matter of gearing up and getting out there.  
However, it is still a conundrum to read that higher education is required in the workplace, yet find out that the workplace is not hiring.  At least I am not an MA in Architecture-14% unemployment.   6 years ago when these students started (2006), could they have imagined a job market that is as bad as this one?
Elites don't need smart kids. They already got plenty of those. But slaves are always in demand.
Thanks for your answer.  Interesting.  I understand that pharma is really stressful, yet ... it's one of those degrees that people ought to look at... from what I understand the demand is high and pay is good.

It looks like you have a narrow area of expertise that will help you... in short, your previous degree will also inform your new degree.

For the reasons you mentioned, I don't think that libraries will ever be completely obsolete... but I wonder how much the average user's trips to the library have decreased (or increased) in the past 20 years.

Now ...

"The Republicans certainly push back against those very same groups, or so it seems from their rhetoric."

Your statement here.  Could you elaborate?  You are implying that Republicans themselves can't be intellectuals.  We all know that there are a number of brilliant, well-educated Republicans in the public sphere.
You're entirely correct. Our local and central libraries have tablets to checkout, and a number of pc's available for people who don't have their own. There is nearly always a waiting line for those computers, and the people using them are students doing research and people looking for jobs. 

But there is still a tremendous need for the books libraries make available to people who can't afford to buy them. How important is it that children have access to books? Parents who are struggling to feed them certainly can't buy ereaders and books from Amazon. 

The people working at those libraries are doing a tremendous service for those who need it, for very low salaries. They should be commended.
Good luck with the job search.
Dr. Right-as above-I did my time in the predicted field of endeavor, and I thought I had earned the privilege to do something that offered me a sense of fulfillment.  Apparently that is a privilege now-in fact, it has always been, even though everyone (not just social scientists) have acknowledged the long term effects of job dissatisfaction on the individual and the family around that person for a very long time.  
Impractical now, I know, but I allowed myself to dream for one short moment-as an adult, rather than as the proxy of my parents, who WERE practical-thus the BS Pharm.  
I concede that dreaming is no longer in the real world picture, even if aspiring to more than just a paycheck does make life worth living.  I did just get out of grad school-and aspiring to greatness-not just getting a particular job done and clocking out-is still preached.
I will leave this thread now-we all have our opinions; however, it also doesn't take a crystal ball to predict what a time sucker these threads can be.
May we all prosper in our endeavors.
"Ohhhhh..... I forgot the whole world revolves around the "small town you live in and what YOU have seen........"

In my world called reality, you got it! Given that Republicans support government run schools in my so-called local, state, and Federal governments I'd say that is a damn sure sign that they are just as bought and paid for as Democrats. Left, right, whatever fake labels you want to apply.

Since you are so convinced that Republicans don't favor government owned and run schools can you cite some examples of what they would do to advance a free, or freer, market in education?
Very good point. Government owned schools are virtually monopolies in many areas, especially small towns and rural areas, with a funding mechanism largely based on the idea that nobody really owns the property they think they own, including their labor and body.

If you support government owned schools, you are winning and you are winning big.
You tried hard in your opening post to lay your problems at the feet of Republicans..... 

You can't eat dreams.

....... And Republicans are not responsible for your choice.
I didn't even know courses like that still existed. Kudos for being weird as hell, chum.
Well educated, perhaps. Brilliant? I can't think of one. I suspect it isn't even possible. (Though it would be a frightening group if it existed as they would actually understand what they were doing to people.) Brilliance does something to you. You stop thinking simply and pessimistically. Possibilities open up. This makes it hard to be Conservative. It's clearest up at top. Most conservative billionaires get there with connections, diligence and ruthlessness. Most liberal billionaires get there with brilliance and innovation. It's not a coincidence.
Yes, anyone can be an intellectual, of course.  I do think there is a certain portion of the Republican party that has issues with intellectuals-perhaps it's that whole East Coast Liberal Prep School Ivy League thing (see John Kerry).  Obama was not raised like Kerry or Romney, but he did make it to Harvard Law and he did teach law at a university level-thus, he is labelled an intellectual, and becomes another target for any party enmity against intellectuals.  

By the way, my brother went high school with Romney at Cranbrook in Bloomfield Hills, MI.  My father was a delegate for Romney's dad in MI in 1968.  I am 16 years younger than my brother and the post-divorce child, so I was raised in a different region by my mother and step-father.  I saw that world of privilege mostly from a distance, but I knew what it was like.   
That was the world of my father and grandfather; however, the funny thing about old money is that it can dissipate in all kinds of ways, so I never felt a sense of financial entitlement for the future-that WAS a good decision. 
I'll let Krugman do his thing-he's the Nobel Prize winner-and I'll get back to my real world.      

Thanks for any good wishes and observations.  I invite those interested in the future of libraries to peruse the American Library Association's website:  www.ala.org.  Despite the dim view of the profession espoused here, some of you might be interested to read the competence requirements for current librarians-pretty challenging stuff.  I worked much harder in this program than I did in pharmacy school-but the connection of higher education to "the real world" is a whole other discussion.  There definitely needs to be a better nexus between what colleges teach and what employers want.
So, working class, blue-collar folks are slaves?  That's pretty offensive.
Only in the warped worldview of the insane, batshit-crazy right wing. . .of which you happen to be a member.

Oh, and it doesn't help that you same fucking assholes have taken it upon yourselves to gut that system when convenient, or impose rules that screw it up and create more problems.

So how about ya'll GTFO, and let the adults fix the problems caused by your incompetence.
Doug... of course there are brilliant conservatives.  I consider Charles Krauthammer to be one.  I would call Thomas Sowell another.

You are, I believe, speaking from your obvious bias.

That's not very smart.
http://www1.salary.com/Librarian-Salary.html

That's not too bad, really.  Hardly "very low".
Oh look.  Someone who is completely uninformed.

http://mat.usc.edu/u-s-education-versus-the-world-infographic/

It is actually not a warped view.  It's a realistic one.  If we are ever going to address the problem, we have to be realistic and not some neanderthal poop-throwing knee-jerk a-holes.
@linux

Please expand, I'm not sure which particular strawman you're trying to apply to me today.
It is. They're called "peasants" by the insurance companies and investment firms. If there's one truth about power, it's that people despise sharing it. The fight is not about money; it's about who gets the fun/easy jobs, and who has to do the unpleasant grunt work. Too many smart people, and there's too much competition for the former. The elite want everyone else to just shut up and keep the boring infrastructure humming.
So, you're better than the insurance companies?  I believe the socialists refer to them as "worker bees"?

My grandparents were all "peasants"...but they made a decent living and retirement.

My brother, one of the best people I know, is blue collar.

Maybe the PROBLEM is people who give derogatory labels to workers who are perfectly noble.
The future of the country is in education, to deny that would be typical right wing stupid is as stupid does mentality.  When we start cutting defense and every other waste come back to me about how expensive education is.
what field did you go into again?
http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/143957-gates-criticizes-gop-for-proposed-cuts-to-defense-spending

Suck on that.

The problem isn't that education is expensive (it is)...the problem is that it is FAILING.
piss on us economics at work
Krauthammer is an ass. He's one of the incredibly stupid and intellectually clueless neocons who pushed for the invasion of Iraq. He's among those who are responsible for the deaths of more than 4,000 young Americans, more than 200,000 Iraqi's, the destruction of a sovereign nation's infrastructure, the destabilization of the Middle East and the increase in the likelihood of fundamentalist Islamic governments that will want to destroy western civilization.  

Anyone who thinks he's brilliant is certainly not "very smart". How's it feel to support someone who's responsible for the death of 4,000 Americans and the maiming of thousands more?
@mdwhale, note that the morons you're trying to talk to are incapable of a civil discussion. They dug down my wish for your job search. 

Please be aware that they're cranky old men who haven't anything better to do, and haven't the faintest idea what public service means.
I supported the coalition of forces that decided to go into Iraq purdy.

You'll get no apology from me.

And you'll nip at Krauthammer's intellectual heels for the rest of your life.
Douche.  Why don't you allow Digg to decide whether or not a conversation has been civil.

The adults are trying to have a conversation.  We don't need your refereeing.
An economy that doesn't seem to want them.  
Like it's our fault you majored in Gender Studies, dude.
@ooze - There was no coalition of forces going into Iraq in W's war, you can't even get that right. As far as "nip at Krauthammer's intellectual heels", you really missed that one. Krauthammer, like all of the neocons, and their supporters, are scum beneath contempt. 

Go visit a veteran's hospital. See what damage the pseudo intellectuals like Krauthammer have done to young people's lives, as I have.

I don't think you're man enough to do it. You'd puke your guts out seeing a burn victim, or a young man with a prosthetic hip and leg, learning to walk again, or a young couple crying together in a corner of a waiting room over a young man's attempt to overcome PTSD.
Thank you for recognizing the values of civility and public service.  Caring for patients meant a great deal to me, thus my previous conflict; now I look forward to sharing the gift of knowledge with others, wherever my job search may lead me.
Until I find a spot, I will be volunteering at the Washington Talking Book and Braille Library-their funds are being cut, of course.  I look at it will as a positive experience, not just a "resume padder".
Ouzel7-I believe the above comment was for my comfort and benefit.  Perhaps you should be the one to step out for a moment.  Shall I prepare to be called a "douche" as well?
What is really amusing in the end-do we even remember what this thread was about in the first place?  You know, the article above?
I wish you well. I'm sure you'll be fine, you have a great attitude. 

It's unfortunate that good people have to put up with the mentally deficient degenerates we've seen here that don't have anything important to do, and get some kind of sick thrill from ridiculing others.
Which has nothing to do with whether or not we should be spending money on it.
my brother has a masters in library science.  he works as a barback/tourguide at a winery. gl with that.
Krugman wasted his mind decades ago.
There are two fields that will never decline..... Power generation/distribution and making beer. 

.........I have skills that apply to both.
A thought-he could to do some groovy archival stuff-maybe the winery is interested in acquired old botanical tomes or prints-or maybe he is already cataloging their different vintages of wine-he should encourage the winery to begin that process if they haven't done that already.  
Regardless of what his current employers want him to do, he should work on being a wine "expert".  I had an "Information Structures" (=XML)  class where the students who created a thesaurus online about wines all scored jobs for their work (IM!), and their work product was the gold standard example in class for creating thesauri (a nightmarish amount of work, btw).  
He can fix his sights on a job more like this one, which is pretty much a gold standard, too.  The librarians-archivists at Monticello work overtime researching and cataloging heirloom varietals of grapes and other plants that continue to grow there, and are trying to research back and figure out plants that may have been grown there but have been abandoned in an attempt to restore them to the site.  Of course they work with botanists, but the librarians have the experience to "dig down" and find the expanse of information that is out there.  It's like detective work-very cool stuff.  
Note that archiving-restoration and storage of old texts-is still a very vital field in librarianship, as is specialty cataloging (e.g. botanica).    
Mainly, if he has mobility, he has a major advantage!  Note the ALA Convention is coming up in June somewhere back East-might be worth a trip for him-would be tax deductible. 
I know the West Coast job market is awful, on the other hand, the East Coast is promising.  For instance, from the postings I have seen, it looks like Yale is retiring its entire library staff-I have no idea exactly what's happening, but they have posted at least 20 positions.  The jobs are there, he just may have to change coasts.  I wish I had mobility-my kids are in Seattle and I am co-parenting with their dad-flexibility decreases as you grow older and acquire more responsibilities.  
Please send my good wishes and ideas to him, and please try to be a supportive brother as he struggles to find a job that fits his aspirations.  It's hard keeping your spirits up in this market, especially when people close to you are writing you off.  I am sure your opinion and support matters to him.    
If he is on Digg and wants to "friend" me, we can certainly exchange information.  He may be in that post grad limbo where is starting to get discouraged and is losing touch with the job search and strategy resources that are out there.  

To others:  please, no comments to this post unless you have helpful advice.  I am trying to help the poster above provide employment encouragement to his brother, who is now a colleague in my profession.  Together we stand, divided, we fall.
I think the main problem is that most self-identifying progressives have been brainwashed into thinking that the America the demo-communist party promises is meant for them. Alas, they are deluded if they think that Obama (or any demo-communist politician) is all for building an America where the middle class does well. It is a country of the rich, by the rich, for the rich, and built on the backs of the poor and working.

This is not the land of promise it once was, it is now a wholely-owned subsidiary of I-Got-Mine-So-Fuck-You Inc- a George Soros Company.

---

Both parties are so much alike that only a fool believes that either one is a solution.
When will liberal pinheads stop pointing fingers? When will liberal pinheads figure out that their Messiah Obama is a false 'prophet' and the worst president of all time. The facts are there. He as a president, has done nothing. Not a single positive thing has happened under his watch EXCEPT the killing of OBL which he is now RIDING and HOPING to get re-elected based on that one lone event in his WHOLE presidency. I don't have respect for the man. He lies to our faces with every word he says. He is a snake, a deceiver. I don't know why any of you are liberal. It makes no sense why. Do you want socialism? Because that is basically what you guys are pushing for if you didn't realize it. Obamacare = unconstitutional. fact. What he did with General Motors = unconstitutional. Why is he still our president? and why do you guys still keep your noses under his sack? You are all drones who don't think outside of the hive. Enjoy being the ones destroying this country.
The reality is that anyone that claims to be a hardcore Pub or Dem means that they have already built up a barrier to honest discussion because they feel if they don't follow the party line they are betraying their own belief system. Both sides will distort and ignore facts so they can stick to their guns. It is not a way to live and it is not the way to make progress.
Guaranteed loans cause inflation, and both parties are ignoring the fact that America needs to start moving to more online education to cut costs.  Instead, it's keep the inflation ball going by more promises of guaranteed low interest loans.  College is too expensive.  We don't need better loans, we need lower priced colleges so students don't spend half their lives paying for their educations.  The US needs to steer incentives to colleges that can deliver a good education at the lowest cost.  Let the other ones fare for themselves.
Perhaps but name coming took your point to a different level for me.  You can disagree with others but name calling not helpful.  Actually George Soros is helping democracy across the globe including here unlike Murdoch who was described by British Tribunal as unfit to run a major corporation for willful blindness and his media constantly massaging the truth.
Where is the human transaction?  I do not believe we should go the way of online education, right now, there are some courses like dentistry, medicine, nursing that full online education may not be a good fit but I do agree with you that we need lower priced colleges.  When I went to Harvard 31 yrs ago, my 1 yr tuition and accommodation was <$7k, that would not pay for more than 10 CE hours in some fields.
Romney's touch?  What about Obama's?

Class warfare?  Income Redistribution?  Massive increase in national debt (up 50% in three years).  Unemployment 16% among blacks.  Home owner ship down.  Poverty up.  Blacks in prison way up.

What does Romney want?  He wants to build and grow the economy so everyone does better.  Obama, he wants to give people handouts, increase the safety net, attack businesses.  

Feel free to choose failure in Obama at November if you want.
Keep dreaming, here is a man who claimed to be a business man, he took MA from 37th in job creation to 47th behind AK, MS and besides Obama is cleaning up the messes republicans left. W was handed  surplus economy and in 8 yrs turned it upside down, fought more wars than any other modern American president.  You seem to forget that  the so-called failure is the lack of cooperation of republicans.  Romney does not know how to build govt and what is his experience in govt that  he could not run for second term in MA? If you think cleaning your mess is a failure you got something coming and the whole world is not doing great, does that mean all those conservative govts in Europe are failed too or just local politics?  Remember, 2 unfunded wars and Romney wants to go to war with Iran but he will not send any of his 5 male children, it reminds me of Dick Cheney, the chicken hawk that could not serve his country when his country needed him in Vietnam but was quick to send other people's children to war.  When is that you care so much for Blacks?  We have always have high unemployment and if tea partiers for once just think of the country and support job creation efforts of this president, unemployment would be lower than 6%.  If it took W 8 yrs to drain this economy, how do you expect a democrat to turn it around in less than 8 yrs with obstructionist-republicans?
It wouldn't have to be full online.  Half, 3/4's, we need to experiment.  Point is, the world is changing and education needs to change with it.  Also, with modern computer simulation, even those fields you have spoken of could be done with online classes.  Doctors are starting to do robotic surgery remotely.  Offering guaranteed low interest loans is more of the problem than the solution.
Funny.  As I remember it, GWBush inherited an economy in free fall.  Remember the tech-bubble that was handed to him by Clinton.  The tech bubble made Clinton's economy look good, just like how when the mortgage bubble was going GW's economy looked good.  Those darn details.

Conservative governments in Europe?   Just because they are more conservative and have conservative in their name does not make them conservative.  Have you looked at the costs of their social programs, the safety net, the work rules?  Not really comparable.

Is the failure due to 'lack of cooperation' by the tea party?  I thought the voters voted the in the tea party because they did not like what Obama was doing, esp the Obamacare.   If they are doing what they said they would do (stop Obama).  

Obama knows how to build government, it is now 25% of GDP as opposed to the historical 20%.  Deficits are up 50% in just three years to $49,000 per citizen.  Obama raised the deficit more in three years than Bush did in eight (with his unfunded wars and medicare improvements).   Obama's unfunded wars (oh yeah, unapproved by the UN or Congress as well), Yemen, Libya, Pakistan...

I have always cared about blacks.  Why is that a surprise?  The presidents job creation efforts amount to the government hiring more people, driving the deficit up.  Republicans want to rebuild industry so that the private sector hires people.   I agree with them.

If you look at the reason for the mortgage bubble popping, which is the cause of the bad economy.  I mean if you really look you would not be such a supporter of the democrats.
Yes, W claimed the economy was in recession in Dec. 2000 but in 2001 before he submitted his 1st budget why did he claim the 2nd surplus as his but of course u could not remember that, could u?. Did W not tell us that he was not going to leave unfinished work for the next president or u forgot that too?  In 2008, 6 months b4 he left he lost 3 million jobs, not just the economy was in free fall, it's backbone, the finance was in a meltdown, that is financial institution-induced recession.  Oh, W did not boast that more people owned homes during his time in office but u forgot that too!! Republicans are "blameless," they just do not accept responsibility like adults, it is always someone else fault but when it is good even if it does not occur under their watch, they want to claim credit.  U forgot when we had over 23 million jobs created under Clinton, republicans claimed it was Reagan.  Now Obama has war in Yemen, Pakistan, Libya, ain't we being loose with our definition of wars? Just reinforces my point, accept no responsibility and when you are found, claim others did it too, that is what men do, right!!!.  Those are police actions and W sent drones to Pakistan and Yemen, so W was waging wars in those 2 countries, of course not, he is a republican.  Why did you pick blacks, we are not the only minorities with high unemployment, or I forgot Obama is black, that is your micro-aggression kicking in!!!! Unemployment among white teenagers is very high but for the point u wanted to make, u would ignore that and in Appalachian mountain areas, the unemployment is exceedingly high but that is not the point you wanted to make, is it?
