The government need s to stop frogging with SS income.

And we need to stop electing millionaires to office
We will continue to elect them as long as money is in the process.  Need to kill the giant in order for the average American to have a chance.
So the argument is if we went back to normal we still would become insolvent, just not as soon?  That is a terrible argument "for" social security in its current state.  It would need to be sustainable indefinitely, which, with its current construct, it cannot do so.
So what else is new . The puppet masters pull the strings and the media falls in line once again . Its just to change the fact the mitt is a tool .
I will say this, if they take social security away after i paid all these years on it, then I want my money back, and with the proper interest too, money laundering a-holes!
Nothing sells like controversy...even when there should be none.
Facts don't give you high ratings controversies do, journalism from the MSM is mostly dead.
your not going to get that even if they dont take it away.
More nonsensical controversy from the rag blog site politicusua.   If it wasn't for rabid far-left fruit cakes getting this on digg, the site would have dried up months ago.
Both sides annoy me when it comes to the SS trustee report.  They both read what they want.  Liberals are: "oh, see SS is just fine".   Conservatives: "oh shit, its going to collapse tomorrow".   Reality is that it is somewhere in the middle with the "oh shit" on DI coming in 2016.

Reality....
- Social security takes in less in taxes than it pays out in benefits.  The difference is made up by the interest earned on the special bonds it holds in the trust fund.  Guess what, since we're running ginormous deficits, we're borrowing money to pay interest on the bonds held in the SS trust fund.  So yes, it does add to the national debt.  This trend is not going to end any time soon (if at all)
- The DI trust fund is projected to be depleted by 2016.
- I don't remember reading anywhere in the trustee report what the heck they're going to do when the interest earned doesn't cover benefits.  In other words, can they redeem the bonds held in the trust fund--  They're not marketable securities, so they can't sell them on the open market (another issue).
