Speaking as someone who works behind the scenes in the healthcare industry for two different hospital networks, it's due to education. It's so expensive to go and become, say, a doctor or a PA. Hospitals aren't doing what the Repukes thought by increasing scholarships...because it's cheaper to bring a doctor into the country. Heck you can even pay him a little less than a US born doctor.

It's truly sad because I do believe it affects the quality of patient care. I know when I can't understand what the doctor is saying I feel a bit upset. Maybe if we started subsidizing medical degrees and making it a realistic goal for Americans by decreasing the burden of cost we'll start SEEING more American born/raised doctors. Until then keep living the Republican lie of "free market self-correct/regulation." It's a fairy tale.
obama has done nothing but promote outsourcing.  when he OK'd the offshore drilling on the gulf (you might of heard of it, it's one of the biggest oil spills in history), who was behind that drilling?  BP.   now what is BP?  a foreign company.  technically, giving americas resources away to a foreign company and allowing them to sell it back to americans at extreme profit could be considered treason.  but I guess since obama is doing it, it's somehow ok?  

obama hasn't increased american employment.  he's increased foreigner/immigrant employment, and that's a cold hard fact.  there is more incentive now than ever to ship someone from overseas than there is to hire americans.  nearly 70% of all jobs created every year are in employment for immigrants, and that's not even an exaggeration.  that's the dire truth of what we face today under obama's reign.
You know it actually costs less to send someone to medical school for eight years then it does to jail them for the same amount of time.
Medical school, even in the US, doesn't take eight years, unless you're also counting undergrad and internship.  Do you have a citation for this?  Sounds like a nice anecdote, but with the cost of a medical degree approaching $1 million, I'd have a hard time supporting that argument.
http://gadgethello.blogspot.com/
1) BP leases -- doesn't take for free; LEASES -- those drilling rights.  Rent is paid to the US government.

2) The oil spill was caused by a faulty well head that was "inspected" by a subsidiary of HALIBURTON, which inspection took place during the BUSH ADMINISTRATION.  Blaming Obama for the spill is like blaming the Pan Am 103 pilots for the bomb that brought down their airplane, since it went off while they were flying it.

3) Obama has increased American employment.   Overall, the single largest dip in employment was during the first month after Obama took office.   Employment rolls have actually climbed every month since then.  The net numbers look bad at first blush until you look at private sector vs public, the later of which includes teachers, emergency services providers, and infrastructure workers.  Private sector unemployment has climbed steadily throughout Obama's tenure so far, whereas public sector employment has decreased.   This goes precisely to address the subject of the article, by the way.    We are spending less on education, hiring fewer teachers, and paying those we do hire less and less.   

4) Oil companies receive tax subsidies, ostensibly to offset exploration and development costs, which help boost their profit margins by hundreds of millions of dollars.  Obama tried to get congress to repeal those subsidies so that some of those "extreme profits" you mention would go back into the public treasury.    I think you know what happened to that effort.

5) The right-wingers / free-market ideologues wanted to let the market rule, and that's what's happening.   Health care providers can get cheaper talent by going overseas for it.  It makes their bottom line look good, and that makes the shareholders happy.  Right?

This isn't Obama's fault.   You want an unregulated, unfettered "market" economy?  You'd better be prepared to take "personal responsibility" for its consequences.
1.  just another name for the same thing.  they're still profiting from americans with american resources.

2.  obama is directly culpable for the oil spill.  he ok'd drilling in the gulf just a month prior to the oil spill.  he ok'd it despite being warned specifically that something like the horizon oil spill could happen -- and obviously it did happen.  no one can hide from the truth behind a shield.  

3.  american employment has decreased under obama.  there is less employment now that bushes worst employment record.  so at the lowest unemployment under bush, even at obama's best, it's still lower than that.  

4. irrelevant.  and just another one of obama's failures.  the mark of a good president is not only having idea's, it's having the ability to make those ideas a reality.  without that, a president is as good as a raving fool.

5.  once again, not placing blame where it is due.  tell me, would you blame the rapist raping you, or would you blame the police officer who walks by, see's what's happening, and does nothing.  sure they are both to blame, but who deserves the blame more?  and when it comes to obama, the analogy is more like the police officer joins in and takes the lead.

it's impossible for nothing to be obama's fault.  that's the easy way out.
I was counting undergrad as well usually it's 4 years of collage then 4 years of medical school or 8 years total.
I just worded that sentence wrong.

The cost of resident tuition is $16,000 to $25,000 a year or double that for out of state or private.
So it's not a million dollars closer to $128,000 to $400,000 on the very high end.
The cost of prison is $22,600 to $36,000 a year.
So yes you could train someone to be a doctor for a lot less then lock them up.

Internship doesn't cost anything and they actually pay you and is not included in the cost.
Some parts of how the US goes about training doctors is very flawed.
I think they should make the internship easier as having someone go 30 to 36 hour with little to no sleep while making decisions that could mean life and death is putting people at great risk.
I would not trust someone who's been awake that long to change my oil let alone make decisions on my health.
Thanks.   But, I think your numbers are a bit on the low side.  According to this article:  http://www.usnews.com/education/best-graduate-schools/the-short-list-grad-school/articles/2012/04/10/10-least-expensive-private-medical-schools-2
Your upper number for med school tuition is the average of the ten lowest-cost schools in the US.   Pricier, more prestigious schools run from the upper 40s to the low 70s, depending on their fee structures.

I think the be best you could say is that the costs are comparable, and that's still a point well worth making.

Sadly, one thing that probably reduces the overall cost of housing prisoners, however, at least in the minds of right-wingers, is that prisons are increasingly becoming privatized and, therefore, have more of a profit incentive to keep costs down and maximize return on investment.  That same incentive, however, is to a large extent behind the disproportionately high prison population in the US, fueled in no small part by the "war on drugs".   If you thought prison labor didn't exist in America, think again:  http://www.salon.com/2012/04/19/21st_century_chain_gangs/   

So, while the cost of housing a prisoner for a year may indeed approach medical school tuition levels, the net return on that expenditure is almost assuredly in the "plus" column, financially.   

At least ... for the short term.
1.  Obama increased lease rates for all offshore oil producers, foreign and domestic.   He also increase on-shore drilling lease rates -- the first time that's happened since 1920.   They're now the same as offshore rates. (http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424053111903639404576518161453099014.html, http://cleantechnica.com/2012/02/17/obama-hikes-royalties-on-oil-industry-by-50/)

2. The BP leases for the area in which Deep Horizon operates were  authorized in 2001 -- by George W. Bush.  (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deepwater_Horizon)

3.  I tried, but cannot find one single source -- right-wing or progressive -- to back up this claim with any actual facts.   Please provide one, if you can.    Closest thing I can find is this:  http://www.sodahead.com/united-states/has-unemployment-increased-on-obamas-watch/question-2334921/  Which shows unemployment going up sharply doing Bush II's last  year, continuing its climb into the first month of Obama's presidency.    If you look closely, you'll see the curve has already started to level off at the very far right of the graph.   Now, let's look at a bigger picture, over an interval more representative of Obama's term:  http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS14000000   With the exception of a continued increase during his first few months, unemployment has DECREASED under Obama.   The right-wing websites are all trumpeting a story about Debbie Wasserman-Schultz saying it didn't increase under Obama, claiming that she lied.  Their claim rests on a logical fallacy (ambiguity) born of a discrepency between saying "it NEVER went up" and "overall it hasn't gone up."

4.  Irdeed.  Here I sit feeding you facts and citations, and there you are idly dismissing my rebuttals with no more substantive a a response than "irrelevant".   Much like what happens in congress, I imagine.

5. See point 1.

Have a nice day.
3.

as a quick reference..
http://mollysmiddleamerica.blogspot.com/2011/11/how-many-jobs-created-in-2011-to-date.html

How many jobs were created in all of 2011, from December 2010 to October 2011?   1,256,000

the US imports anywhere between 1 to 3 million legal immigrants per year.  

since most immigrants need jobs in order to have a visa to come to america and stay legal, many of them have assured jobs.  

now you do the math.  if we imported just 1 million immigrants in 2011 (the low ball number), and roughly 1.25 million jobs were 'created', that leaves only 250K jobs left for americans.   and we need to create far more than 250K jobs a month just to keep up with US population growth, that's just to hold the unemployment rate steady, that doesn't even include jobs for the jobless.  

heads should be rolling.  this is the type of shit that people used to jump up and start revolutions over.
Thanks for providing a citation.    As you can see, it clearly states that unemployment has gone down.

Now, if you'd only provided one to back up your claim of 1 to 3 million legal immigrants per year.   The closest to that I can find is the DHS 2011 yearbook that shows 1.1 million new entries to the US each year, but the legal immigration (i.e. persons being granted permanent resident status) has held steady at around 400,000 for the past decade or so.

Having worked at companies that hire plenty of immigrants I can tell you two things:   First, they're required by law to state that the position could not be filled by a US citizen.  This is typically pro forma and no one at US Labor or DHS much cares about the validity of the claim unless someone (a competitor, perhaps) lights a fire under them to go and do an audit.  Secondly, immigrants do not make the same pay as US citizens.  One NYC-based firm I worked at routinely paid their immigrant skilled workforce (IT professionals, mainly) 65% of what a US citizen would make.   Incoming workers agreed to his as a condition of their hiring and, since they aren't US citizens, they have no right to contest this under US law.

Finally, the growth in employment has been 5:1 private sector vs public.  So, go talk to you "job creators" about all the cheap, immigrant labor THEY are bringing in.  Obama's deporting people faster than any other US president in US history.  What else do you expect him to do?  Force US companies to pay immigrants the same wages they pay citizens?   Yeah, that'll go over about as well as rescinding those oil company subsidies.

You wanted a market?  You got one, friend.
"As you can see, it clearly states that unemployment has gone down."

not when we're adding more people than jobs created.  as said before, we don't add enough jobs to keep up with population growth, that is to say we don't add enough jobs for the people coming of age to enter the workforce.  if we can't do even that, we're not creating jobs.  

there are less jobs now than when bush left office.  

"The closest to that I can find is the DHS 2011 yearbook that shows 1.1 million new entries to the US each year, but the legal immigration (i.e. persons being granted permanent resident status) has held steady at around 400,000 for the past decade or so."

That's not accurate, but for argument sake, let's say it is.   1.2 million jobs created in 2011, 400K legal immigrants enter.  that would still mean roughly 30% of jobs 'created', goes to immigrants, which is STILL a pretty damning number.  doesn't it sound foolish to have more people than jobs, yet ship in scores more people?  

"First, they're required by law to state that the position could not be filled by a US citizen. "

yes I am familiar with this.  but how it really works is they list the job with unreasonably high pre-requisites, such as things like "must have 20 years experience" and much more, with the express intent of putting the job out of reach for americans.  then when americans can't fill their unreasonable standards, they hire someone from overseas who may not even meet their previous pre-requisites, someone that could be poorly educated in their field.

and paying immigrants less only gives them more incentive to hire them over americans, along with the tax incentives they also get.

"Obama's deporting people faster than any other US president in US history. What else do you expect him to do?"

http://articles.cnn.com/2011-10-19/politics/politics_deportation-record_1_ice-director-john-morton-undocumented-immigrants-criminal-alien-program?_s=PM:POLITICS

""The statistics are actually a little deceptive," Obama said last month during a discussion with Hispanic journalists. There has been "a much greater emphasis on criminals than non-criminals." And "with stronger border enforcement, we've been apprehending folks at the borders and sending them back. That is counted as a deportation even though they may have only been held for a day or 48 hours.""

so you see, he's counting people who are stopped at the border, as a deportation.  and he's only going after the criminals, criminals he already has information on.  so a very sizable chunk of obama's deportation numbers are inflated.  but when it comes to illegal immigration, criminal or 'not' (illegal immigration is a crime), the economic effects are the same, the damage is still being done.
"As you can see, it clearly states that unemployment has gone down."

not when we're adding more people than jobs created. as said before, we don't add enough jobs to keep up with population growth, that is to say we don't add enough jobs for the people coming of age to enter the workforce. if we can't do even that, we're not creating jobs.

there are less jobs now than when bush left office.

"The closest to that I can find is the DHS 2011 yearbook that shows 1.1 million new entries to the US each year, but the legal immigration (i.e. persons being granted permanent resident status) has held steady at around 400,000 for the past decade or so."

That's not accurate, but for argument sake, let's say it is. 1.2 million jobs created in 2011, 400K legal immigrants enter. that would still mean roughly 30% of jobs 'created', goes to immigrants, which is STILL a pretty damning number. doesn't it sound foolish to have more people than jobs, yet ship in scores more people?

"First, they're required by law to state that the position could not be filled by a US citizen. "

yes I am familiar with this. but how it really works is they list the job with unreasonably high pre-requisites, such as things like "must have 20 years experience" and much more, with the express intent of putting the job out of reach for americans. then when americans can't fill their unreasonable standards, they hire someone from overseas who may not even meet their previous pre-requisites, someone that could be poorly educated in their field.

and paying immigrants less only gives them more incentive to hire them over americans, along with the tax incentives they also get.

"Obama's deporting people faster than any other US president in US history. What else do you expect him to do?"

http://articles.cnn.com/2011-10-19/politics/politics_deportation-record_1_ice-director-john-morton-undocumented-immigrants-criminal-alien-program?_s=PM:POLITICS

""The statistics are actually a little deceptive," Obama said last month during a discussion with Hispanic journalists. There has been "a much greater emphasis on criminals than non-criminals." And "with stronger border enforcement, we've been apprehending folks at the borders and sending them back. That is counted as a deportation even though they may have only been held for a day or 48 hours.""

so you see, he's counting people who are stopped at the border, as a deportation. and he's only going after the criminals, criminals he already has information on. so a very sizable chunk of obama's deportation numbers are inflated. but when it comes to illegal immigration, criminal or 'not' (illegal immigration is a crime), the economic effects are the same, the damage is still being done.
Now I understand your confusion.  Look, the unemployment RATE takes into account the total number of people working vs the total number of people who could be working.     This automatically takes into account increases in (worker) population, by whatever means.    Whereas you are choosing to single out immigration as the only source of population change, there are other factors that you're completely ignoring, such as decreases due to retirement or death, and increases due to people -- Americans and immigrants allike -- joining the workforce for the first time.    

Moving along to some of your other points, there are no tax incentives that I can think of or find in any search that benefit hiring immigrants over hiring US citizens.   The benefit, as I pointed out and on which we apparently agree is in the lower wages that can be paid to immigrants.   This is not about Obama; it's about the "job creators" filling those jobs they create as cheaply as they can.

Lastly, regarding deportaion:  for all the talk and blather coming from the right, Obama is in fact and deed giving greater attention to maintaining the integrity of our borders than Bush II and the tea party talkers.

Nice chatting with you.   I hope you've found this interesting.   I have.
First of all, the Bureau of Labor Statistics does provide some numbers as to native born vs. foreign born employment, but it doesn't differentiate between people who have immigrated recently vs. people who have immigrated decades ago.  It doesn't differentiate between people who are foreign-born citizens and people who are here as legal residents or illegal residents.  They also provide an annual report, but the latest available is for data from 2010, the "trough" of the recession in terms of employment.  Much has changed since 2010.  The annual report contains much more information, however, than is contained in the monthly employment situation report. 

In any event, cantstop, you make two different allegations about American employment that should be addressed one at a time.  The first is :

1.  "He's increased foreign/immigrant employment and that's a cold hard fact.  ...Nearly 70% of all jobs created every year are in employment for immigrants and that's not an exaggeration.  That's the dire truth of what we face today."

Can you possibly provide some links to your "cold hard facts"?  Nothing I can find, from the Bureau of Labor Statistics itself, comes anywhere close to supporting your allegations.

1.  a.  Actually, the number of H1B visas given out declined in FY 2010 from FY 2009, in the latest annual report I could find HERE:

  http://www.uscis.gov/USCIS/Resources/Reports%20and%20Studies/H-1B/FY10H-1BSpecialtyOccupationalWorkers.pdf

I would assume, as the economy has improved since 2010, that the numbers of H1B's in 2011 and now in 2012 have gone up, but I can't find proof of that.  But in the first two years of Obama's administration, the numbers of H1B's  went down.

b.  The numbers of people who are reported as employed by the Bureau of Labor Statistics does not in any way support your assertion that 70% of all jobs created every year are in employment for immigrants.  

First of all, let's look at the situation as of the year before Obama took office:  "Foreign born workers accounted for 15.7% of the labor force in 2007 and 47.7% of the net increase in the labor force between 2000 and 2007."

http://www.bls.gov/news.release/archives/empsit_02062009.pdf

Then let's look at the statistics of employed foreign-born people over the past three years, from March 2009 until now March 2012.  All numbers of employed decreased starting in early 2008 until early 2010.  Then number of jobs and numbers of employed people started to increase, particularly in the private sector.  

From the "trough" of employment in early 2010, total employment has increased by 3,429,000 or 2.49%.  Foreign-born employment during that two year period has increased by 1,546,000 or 7.3% (from 21,239,000 to 22,785,000).  Native-born employment during that two year period has increased by 1,885,000 or 1.6% (from 116,743,000 to 118,628,000). 

Therefore, foreign born workers accounted for 45.1% of the net increase in the labor force between early 2010 and now, March 2012.  That's a lower percentage of increase of jobs going to foreign workers than during the Bush administration from 2000 to 2007.

To get these numbers, you have to go to the archives of the monthly employment situation reports and compare the reports from 2009 to 2010 to 2011 to 2012.   As the numbers presented in the monthly reports on foreign born workers are non-seasonally adjusted, you have to compare the same month over a period of years to get any reasonable comparisons. 

http://www.bls.gov/schedule/archives/empsit_nr.htm

2.  "There is more incentive now than every to ship someone from overseas than to hire Americans."  

You'd need to come back with sources about the incentives you are talking about.
Suzilla, you are very correct in your comments about the oil spill and about the real "blame" for the influx of so many foreigners.  It's got to do with the bottom line, as you say.  And to blame these kinds of things on Obama is absurd; I don't know where people are getting their information.. Well, I guess i do, and those sources are not reputable.

Just a mild correction on your comment on employment:  We lost 4,400,000+ jobs before Obama took office in January 2009, and we lost another 4,200,000+ before the economy turned around in February 2010.  The "trough" of jobs occurred in February 2010.  However, the bloodbath in jobs started to cool within a couple of months after Obama took office.  

 http://mollysmiddleamerica.blogspot.com/2012/04/jobs-lost-before-obama-took-office.html

We have now had 25 straight months of private-sector jobs increases; unfortunately, we have lost jobs in the public sector, particularly in education and other "local government" employment sectors, and that is tragic.  We've lost 490,000 jobs in the "local government" employment sector since Obama was inaugurated, 350,000 of those jobs were lost since early 2010, when private sector jobs started to increase.  Thanks, Republicans!  We've lost 240,000 jobs in the "local government education" bucket since late 2009.  

Not sure if this link will work:  

    http://data.bls.gov/pdq/SurveyOutputServlet;jsessionid=5016D12B10997075C7319356AD501049.tc_instance5
The citation from my blog is an older reference; try this:

 http://mollysmiddleamerica.blogspot.com/2012/04/how-many-jobs-has-obama-created-lost.html

And this:

http://mollysmiddleamerica.blogspot.com/2012/03/private-government-jobs-gained-lost.html

I need to update this last one for March.  

Also, the increase in the foreign-born "civilian non-institutional population 16+" was about 1,600,000 from March 2011 to March 2012, but that includes kids in high school, people who are retired, and other people not in the labor force.   The increase in the native-born "civilian non-institutional population 16+" was about 1,900,000, again counting kids in school, people tending family members, people who are retired.  

We have an overall increase in the 16+ population of about 3,600,000 over the past year, with an increase of about 2,500,000 people who are employed and an increase of about 2,000,000 non-farm jobs.  (These two numbers, the number of people employed and the number of jobs come from two different sources and count different things.)  Yet unemployment went down by 1,100,000.    

How could unemployment go down if we only added about 200,000 jobs a month last year but our 16+ population  increased by about 300,000 people a month?

No wonder people are confused.  It's simple:  

1.  Not everybody 16+ is in the labor force or wants a job.  More younger people are in school, for instance, and many people stay home to tend their children.  People still get to retire.. (at least until the Republican Ryan budget gets enacted).  We don't need jobs for everybody in the civilian population 16+.  Never have, not now, not in the past.  Hopefully not in the future. 

2.  People are leaving the work force.  No, they aren't leaving the work force in discouragement, as the number of people not in the work force who "want a job" but haven't recently looked for work has also gone down over the past year.  And the number of "discouraged workers" (which is a subset of the "not in the labor force but want a job" group) has also gone down over the past year.

The fastest growing population segment by age is people 55+.  Those people have a much lower "labor participation" percentage than people 25-54.  People hit 55 and they begin to retire.  By the time people are 70-74, only 20% of them are working or want a job, a number that is unfortunately up from 10% in the late 80's.  
 
So we have fewer people who want jobs now than we did a year ago.  Why do you think people should be rebelling?  More of them are working than have been working during the past two years.. why would they revolt?  Fewer want jobs.. they are retiring; leaving the work force.  Why would someone who is retiring revolt?

Best question, however, cantstop:  Where are you getting your mis-information from?  Is there someone, some group, that wants you to be so misinformed?  

You have written NOTHING that is verifiable here.  NOTHING.  I would seriously, if I were you, start to question your sources.  They are leading you astray.                

http://mollysmiddleamerica.blogspot.com/2012/04/why-dont-people-want-job.html
That last link won't work, as it is a dynamic report that can be created from BLS databases.  I'll repeat the rest of my post as that link made it almost unreadable.

"Suzilla, you are very correct in your comments about the oil spill and about the real "blame" for the influx of so many foreigners.  It's got to do with the bottom line, as you say.  And to blame these kinds of things on Obama is absurd; I don't know where people are getting their information.. Well, I guess i do, and those sources are not reputable.

Just a mild correction on your comment on employment:  We lost 4,400,000+ jobs before Obama took office in January 2009, and we lost another 4,200,000+ before the economy turned around in February 2010.  The "trough" of jobs occurred in February 2010.  However, the bloodbath in jobs started to cool within a couple of months after Obama took office.  

 http://mollysmiddleamerica.blogspot.com/2012/04/jobs-lost-before-obama-took-office.html

We have now had 25 straight months of private-sector jobs increases; unfortunately, we have lost jobs in the public sector, particularly in education and other "local government" employment sectors, and that is tragic.  We've lost 490,000 jobs in the "local government" employment sector since Obama was inaugurated, 350,000 of those jobs were lost since early 2010, when private sector jobs started to increase.  Thanks, Republicans!  We've lost 240,000 jobs in the "local government education" bucket since late 2009.  "
the statistics I speak of aren't explicitly stated by the government...but you can derive them from existing statistics.

I wouldn't expect the government to outright say it, because it wouldn't be something they want us to realize.  they know that if the people knew they would be facing some serious backlash, so it's more like an omittance.

"Therefore, foreign born workers accounted for 45.1% of the net increase in the labor force between early 2010 and now, March 2012. That's a lower percentage of increase of jobs going to foreign workers than during the Bush administration from 2000 to 2007."

and as I said, even a number such as 45% is still VERY damning.  that's essentially half of all jobs created going to immigrants for the last 2 years.  you don't find anything wrong with half of all jobs created going to immigrants?  there's really no way to possibly downplay it.
Thanks, Molly.  Duly noted.
How do you derive your statistics from the existing statistics, cantstop?  Please provide the information and give us some way to figure out how you came up with your numbers.  And, if you think the government is lying about how many immigrants have jobs, how do you think they go ahead with this lie?  Do you think that they have the government people who take the information change the responses that they get?  Or do you think that they have code in their computer programs to subtract foreign workers so it doesn't sound as if there are as many as there are?  

What is so "damning" of 45% of jobs going to people who are foreign born?  We've had an increase of 5,446,000 in the "civilian population 16+" over the past two years, and 49% of that increase was attributable to immigrants.  What that means is that foreign-born people have been underrepresented in the increase in employment over the past two years.  

That's reflected in the number of people unemployed.  While the unemployment percentage among both foreign born and native born has gone down over 2% points over the past two years, in the numbers of unemployed, 16% of the decrease in the number of people unemployed went to foreign born workers, while 84% of the decrease in the number of people unemployed has gone to native born workers.

So.... there isn't any proof in any of the Bureau of Labor Statistics numbers that immigrants, citizens or non-citizens, legal or illegal, are taking the jobs of native born people.
