Her breasts look like someone taped water balloons on her and then painted them a fleshy color.
Not real, nor real interesting.  Never understood the massive fake boobs fad - porno hasn't been the same since ladies witched from "natural" to grotesque.
Those b(.)(.)bies are a man's dream.
Living proof that gravity ain't all that.
Sorry, had to take a quick look not knowing who she was... can't stop thinking what she'd look like at age 40 or 50; things would be draggin' waist high or lower. ...Oh sorry, they almost already are if left to their own.
So they are fake right? If they were real...WOW!
No not really
if they were real they would be freakishly far apart...
Sounds like sour grapes to me...
They look real to me.  I don't see any of the obvious signs of implants.

Plus according this:

http://www.average-cost-of-breastimplants.com/glamour-model-jordan-carver-inspires-natural-searching-breast-implants/

She's all natural.  No implants.  Still way too big for my tastes but still natural.
.......  in no way do I want big breasts ~laughing~
Not necessarily.   I used to work with a girl that was about that size (although not as thin).  She didn't have "spreaders."

Not every body is different.  Working out and keeping the chest, back, and shoulder muscles firm can do wonders for a woman's boobs.
Naw, not every man likes huge boobs.  Some like little boobs.  Some like the average boobs.  They're welcome to their preference.  I like the huge ones, so it leaves more for me:).
Except that if she is not lactating to feed a baby, they are largely breast tissue and fat.  That is why when women gain or lose weight, their breasts get larger or smaller, the fat content.
The fact that they remain perfectly round even when she is on all fours, doesn't give it away for you?

Just fyi: Natural boobs respond to gravity and hang down. Hers do not move.
Thanks for keeping abreast of the situation.
I, for one, am happy to be a mammal.
awesome
i love those tits their perfect
fake boobies ftw
"Jordan Carver is one such model, with natural 34G breasts...Because her breasts are natural..."

So real, therefore WOW!
