"What's the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull? A pit bull is delicious.", President Obama
Where are the libs like PETA to condemn these cavalier statements by Odumbo?
Obama ate a fucking dog.
I'm not sure why the White House thinks it's advantageous to not let this sleeping story lie. Going to be tough to mainstream dog-eatin'.
I kind of agree with you on this one.
First, I actually DO think that one's funny....

And second, of course, where's Bo hiding out these days?
It's not a story.  Kids don't ordinarily select their diets.   What he ate when he was a kid doesn't reflect on him in any way. 

But I'm sure it'll get some traction with the people who already think of him as a "ferriner" and wouldn't have voted for him anyway.
Of course it shouldn't reflect on him in any way...he was just a kid, after all. But people in this country react on a visceral level to things like this, and it's a poor move politically to keep bringing it up.
Obama is the joke.
Most people raised in America see how this is wrong.
LOL
What's worse, Mike Vick fighting dogs or Obama eating them.  Of course to PETA it will be Vick.
You can't actually see how it's wrong, unless you're a vegetarian.  You just see how it seems unusual to you. 

No more "wrong" than eating pigs or birds or gators or whatever folks in your neck o' the woods eat.
I thought it was a good joke.  Self-deprecating humor is a good way to deflate bad PR.
True, but every issue/situation's different. In this case I'm not sure it was smart to bring any more attention to this story.
Nope, if you were raised in America and not Kenya or Indonesia, then you know it's wrong.
The Left and their willing allies in the media crucified GBush when he did the same thing concerning WMD.
Can you explain why?

Or just "see" it?
Joking about eating dog meat as a child in a place where it was culturally acceptable to do so, versus joking about the false premise for the sacrifice of the lives of a few thousand US soldiers. 

Yeah, I can see why you would equate those two things.  It would be because you're a terrible person.

Aren't you usually better at this sort of thing?  I feel like you're not giving 100% effort here.
was so funny, I love when Obama speaks at the correspondents' dinner.

I'm keeping an eye on their dog Beau, he better not 'run away' lost like romneys dog did or people will wonder
