Scumbag Apple. 110 billion in the bank. Pays no taxes.
Let me guess. Your preference is Nokia, right?
You can bet your last dollar that Evil steve was behind setting it up.
It's all legal.  All large US companies and many US individuals take advantage of the US tax code.  The real scumbags are the people who put the tax code into place.
My preference is that all corporations pay a fair amount of tax. What's your preference?
Apple paid a lot of taxes, crane. Did you read the article at all?
Exactly how much do you think they should they have paid?
and the ones fighting to keep it that way.

which people are those?
Are you implying that Apple did not pay their "fair share" of taxes, or maybe that they committed tax evasion or tax fraud?
Please be specific as to what you think they did unfairly or illegally.
I'm not implying Patrow, I'm stating quite clearly that paying 9.8% tax reported profits of $34.2 billion last year is fucking joke. 

Why should the people subsidize the world's biggest and richest company?
Would you buy stock in a company that didn't minimize it's tax exposure?  I pay the minimum legal taxes, doesn't everyone?

Complain to the people who write the tax code. 
Point well taken, if my accountant finds exemptions, refunds, and ways to save money - I sure as hell take it.
Apple paid just what the tax code required, and no more. So did GE and other businesses, and also Barack Obama.
Why do you blame businesses and individuals who pay what they are legally required to pay? Why don't you attack the tax code instead of those who are legally following it and paying their required share?
If you think this is a joke, did you, yourself, pay more than you were required to pay?
There are over a 100 companies that pay LESS than 5% in taxes... and once again we are singling out Apple.

They aren't even in the top 100 of tax dodgers -- is the Media totally a slave to manipulation? That's a rhetorical question. 

We had this same shock and awe about FoxCon and then we find they were the best of the Chinese manufacturers, and Apple had been pressuring them to improve working conditions for years-- OH, and every other electronics manufacturer NOT MENTIONED also uses them or someone worse.
Apple paying 9.8% tax  is three times more than what Exxon, GM, IBM and a whole slew of corporations pay.

In fact, there are some that got MONEY back from the government and some that paid nothing.

So you screaming about 10% is a bit ridiculous when a few dozen only pay 3%.
Check the US Chamber of Commerce for a gaggle of the biggest tax cheats.
So why is everyone still blaming the national debt on the feds SPENDING too much $$$?
Close a few corp giveways like this crap Apple pulls, and the Fed might be paying off the national debt!
BTW, what was your personal fed income tax % last year???
Betcha it was a lot higher than what Apple, Micro$0ft, Oracle, Chevron, GE, Mobil, BP and Fox paid!
Frankly, I'm sick to death of all the obsession with who's paying what taxes, while the spending is insanely out of control. How about cutting that $1.4 TRILLION that the USG is borrowing/printing each year just to stay afloat? You could tax Gate's and Buffett's entire net worth 100%, and you would only run the federal government for 27 days. 

What is also bullshit is he idea that if a corporation doesn't pay what some progressives think they should, it's somehow a "subsidy" from the rest of us. Nonsense. The difference between paying what they legally owe and what you THINK they SHOULD pay is not a subsidy. Besides, corporations don't pay taxes. They factor taxes into the cost of their products. Apple's current tax bill is paid by the people who buy Macs and iPads. Want to double their tax burden? Fine. But expect the prices of those items to increase significantly. Their bottom line will hardly be affected.
Couldn't reply to your tax comment above, so doing it here:
I am unable to understand where you got a tax rate of less than 3% for, for example, IBM. Please give a citation for their rate.
So you think the problem is not enough revenue, and spending is OK?
It is just the lack of tax revenue that is the problem, right?
Who writes the tax code?  Congress doesn't.  They do what they are told by their corporate masters.  It is right to blame the corporations for profiting from the tax codes they wrote.

http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-11-18/-willing-vassals-in-congress-do-lobbyist-bidding-jack-abramoff.html

http://alecwatch.org/members.PDF

http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php?title=ALEC_Alumni_in_Congress
Apple is bad for doing what is legal, but criminal immigrants are good for doing what is illegal.
Bass ackwards. The fault is with the government, they created the messipoo.
I don't understand how people feel the government could make better use of Apple's money. Are people blind? Government spending is out of control. It is time to stop feeding the monster.
The article states that while all corporations do this, Apple benefits the most and was a pioneer in inventing new mechanisms to exploit the tax laws.

The tax laws should be changed to reflect the new digital economy that Apple and other tech companies derive much of their profits from.
the amount of all of it, not just the little bit that they didnt manage to funnel through 3 or 4 other countries and states in order to get out of paying.
yep, for the most part.
They paid their required share. 
Just like you and Obama, they did not pay more than they were required to pay.
yep, and that's why most of the sane people of the country are trying to get the tax laws changed. but the right wing wants no part in that since they enjoy paying 8% tax rates despite what it's costing the country
No response from you with a citation for IBM's 2011 tax rate. Could you please provide a citation?
Official documents show that IBM paid an effective tax rate of 24.5%  in 2011.
More power to them
How are you entitled to the fruits and labors of something you have no involvement with? They're scumbags because of your greed for that which doesn't belong to you?
IBM effectively paid NO TAXES last year -- and they've done this a few years now;
http://www.alternet.org/newsandviews/article/551168/10_of_the_biggest_corporate_tax_cheats_in_america/

There are other lists out there if you spend a few seconds.

But don't think that I'm going to HOVER over your comments -- your not getting a citation only means you have to go from my credibility.

.... and I ALWAYS come up with a citation when asked -- I just wasn't on the internet since you asked the question.
