The hypocrisy of the left is just amazing....
The school should be made to answer for this.
The students did the right thing.
Good for him. Of course he is going to slam the bible; he is gay and the bible has been used to bully homosexuals for thousands of years.
Black is White, White is Black.
Hmm, sounds to me like the "tolerance" movement is pretty damn intolerant. I had a feeling this "anti-bullying" bullshit was just another leftist, feel-good front to push the socialist agenda into the mainstream. These people are pathetic. I feel like beating someone up now.
So, throw it back at 'em in the name of "anti-bullying"? Sounds to me like this is nothing but atheists trying to squirm another way in to the mainstream. This gives the anti-bully campaign a black eye and discredits it from (at least what I thought) was a noble intent. Because of the blatant bigotry and hidden agenda, I will definitely not support this movement any longer.
As a gay atheist, I find Savage's intolerant behavior inexcusable.
I've spent many years in industries that have a significant gay presence. I was, likely, ahead of the curve demanding tolerance. However, from the Folsom Street Festival to intolerant jerks like Savage, the radical gay agenda is turning allies to enemies. And yes, I am a Christian, and yes, I want the best for my gay friends and clients... and yes... I've had quite enough of the likes of Savage.
The true nature of this farcical Gov. propagated non-issue shows its face?
Everything is supposed to be accepted, except white, straight, Christian, males.  Unbelievable..
I thought it was ok. 

I was DISGUSTED to see the 'Youth' of america walk out.  I KNOW these people.  They are what Similarly closed minded Liberals call me for having conservative opinions.

Im not like this.  I NEVER could be like these mindless zombies.

I relish in a challenging thought.  Only Losers run.
Pathetic.


My end-all opinion.....
This ISNT a sign of Hardcore Christian Youth.

This IS A SIGN of Young People.
This is, Left OR Right, how the youth deal with issues.
I was taught an acedemic approach to debate.  Regardless what I felt inside, if it werent backed by nonbaised face, it served no place in my attempt to 'sell' my idea.
  - No one will buy something from someone who lies and complains.

These young people, willingly ignorant.  It comes from their parents, schools, TV and the culture today. 
Its sad.

Going forward, we're really in for a huge social revolution, willingly or unwillingly, that will end with a definate segregation of class (and...guess what.....i DONT want this, this is what Im afraid of).

Lack of Character.
