Bullshit!
Leave it to the Dems to rape a good AC/DC song and make it all about them.

Look Dumbocrats,  the only Highway to Hell is the direction Obama is taking America.
Politicrazyususa...nothing more needs to be said, buried
Totally agree with the sentiment, Conservatives have a long and illustrious history of fucking up the country. 

(One small thing though, it's not England, it's the UK. England is just one country within the United Kingdom, the others being Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.)
even when you bury your eyes we can still see your ass
republican pink slime
Such debating skillz you have their Granny.
Zing!
well according to Mr. McCain you have the hobbits! fair is fair
Then why is the British economic recovery suddenly halting under the austerity measures of the Tories in power?
Look but do not touch
*there
Austerity kills, but they don't care. It's only humans, not corporations suffering.
England's austerity measures were half-ass at best just like the Pub's best suggestions which have been to cut projected future spending and not current spending. No cure is going to work if you only take a portion of it but that is EXACTLY what is being done because we don't like the taste of it... then we listen to people who claim it doesn't work.
 Well, I have news for you the cure will be taken the parasitic social programs will be cut, but it looks like it will have to be done after we have crossed the point of economic collapse as the moochers have shown they are more akin to a virus which is willing to feed until it kills it's host rather than drop off once they are full like proper fleas, ticks, and leaches do.
This is what happens when people (and their 'leaders') become ignorant of history.

Austerity has never, EVER worked in the history of humankind.  TAKING CARE of the PEOPLE is the prime directive of every enlightened civilization.. of every government.

Leave it to the republicans to be aloof of this truth.
They know austerity doesn't work. That's what makes it criminal. Not ignorance. The people should hold them criminally liable for their actions.
World Geography - something most children learn in 1st and 2nd grade.
Austerity is only for the majority of the people. The rich don't feel a thing until the people start dying, then the consumer purchasing starts dropping
Continue believing in the Prescott Bush/Hoover mentality as your neighbors fall away and the value of everything you hold dear becomes dust.
When it finally hits you, you will only have yourself to blame in your willfully blind arrogance
So I guess the dims answer is to continue to print and spend money that can't be repaid and hope that the market for unicorn farts picks up...
The UK and the USA are very different countries with very different problems.  It's amazing that when it suits people, they will try to compare and when it doesn't suit them, they will say, "Well... it's a very different situation in that country, so you can't compare."

England has had embedded socialism for a long time.  The US has not.  You would need to but travel to the UK and the socialism will smack you in the face via the existence of Council House after Council House.  There has been a sense of depression in the UK for decades.

England simply cannot be used as an example as things relate to the USA.
Much like your very succinct and intelligent comment, "A very big asshole:-)" and many other one liners? Impressive?
FTA: Romney and his Republican cohorts are aware of the economic disaster of austerity measures on the economy, but despite knowledge that their proposals are anathema to growth and job creation, they are proceeding as if their plans are a path to prosperity."
Common sense should tell us all that to build a national financial structure upon a license for exploitation within a small group is over the course of time unsustainable !
I keep looking for these bodies and rotting carcasses that the liberals are referring to with their comments about the "people are dying". Where are they? Have you already scooped them up and buried them in mass graves? No, that couldn't happen. The liberal methodology would be to place them on display with camera shutters clicking, tearing their clothes with their tears flowing like rivers. Surely they would call some of the walking dead to testify before a Democratic Congressional committee about how mistreated they were by those monstrous Republicans. 

The dead women could talk about how the lack of contraceptives killed them, the minorities (except those in the 1%) could talk about the lack of food (even with food stamps) and starving to death, and the gays could talk about their ongoing troubles with AIDS that was propagated by the religious right. The illegals could mention the new hate speech designated by the left, that being  "illegals", and how that hatred drove them to commit suicide. The American Indian women could talk about all of the "white" men who have recently killed them. Many citizens could also explain how Halliburton had killed them.

Yes, the left has a mighty list of victims. You cannot make it in America people. Listen to them, they know the "truth".
O.K. I have always blamed myself for my failures. How about you?
yawnnnn
@OUZE...LMAO... You are so dramatic...I have traveled to the UK...I have never been smacked in the face with your so called socialism. All developed nations have social programs. Some have more than others. You should read up on these programs before you just through thoughts out that have no backing. Yes the USA has a unique set of problems...guns and religion is forcing the country to travel backward in time as far as a society goes. Yet capitalism and ingenuity continue to grow at the same time. It is an interesting state of affairs. The biggest problem is the gap between those of opposing opinion. The gap that filters out the truth going in both directions.  Are you part of the problem?
Ouzel7, as a Brit, I'm afraid to tell you that you have no absolutely no idea what you're talking about. In fact, your ignorance is breathtakingly embarrassing and I suggest in the future rather than make yourself look utterly ridiculous in public, you keep your mouth closed about matter of which you clearly know nothing.
When did these long-standing issues start?  The Labour Party (part of Socialist International) had control of England from 97 to 2010.  Who brought on this economic crisis?
I think he was referring to the central banking cartel and the political elite.. .. no?
I'm shocked that you disagree with me.  Labour had control of your nation for how long?  Personal insults won't win you a thing and I'll comment when I want to comment.  You seem to comment about MY country.
The economic crisis was part of a world wide economic decline. It appears you wish to blame The Labour Party in the UK...not because of anything specific that transpired, but because of ...your term ((part of Socialist International) I will suggest to you again...do some research before puting your fingers to the keyboard.
Continue to believe in the Obama/Carter mentality and you'll be living in poverty for the rest of your life under the control of government goons.
Seriously, LoL! Like the left also doen't have a nice long history of effing the country up.

This must be from The Onion.
I hope he does it soon.
Yeah, but unfortunately printing money doesn't work either, just look at Japan. Only thing that does work is to cut spending anywhere, and everywhere, then cut the takes.

I will be quickly buried for saying this,
I agree with you, throw them in jail, as long as you throw the counterfeiters in with them.
Snap
After 20 years of Leftist rule they think a half baked austerity program is a highway to hell?  There is no accounting for bad judgement.
FTA:
Romney, more than anyone, knows the extent of damage severe austerity measures cause because it was his modus operandi during his tenure at Bain Capital. The disastrous policies bankrupted 25% of the companies Bain managed, and eliminated hundreds-of-thousands of American jobs when companies were downsized, bankrupted or outsourced to China. All the while, Romney made a fortune and it informs his real intentions in seeking the presidency. By cutting or eliminating government agencies and social safety nets, Wall Street and corporations can assume control of education, prisons, Medicare, pension programs and nearly every government agency and reward their wealthy investors while Americans slide deeper into poverty.


Rmoney deliberately raided company pension plans to the tune of $44 Million at one company alone (Georgetown Steel) knowing full well that we the taxpayers are required by law to step in and cover the loss.  
  That is the true face of republicon austerity.
Your statement happens to be untrue.  Here is a 50 year study saying that Democrats are better at managing the economy than republicons.

http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2011/05/taxes-spending-and-the-politics-of-economic-growth/238530/

WTF have liberals done?

http://front.moveon.org/rewriting%2Dthe%2Dword%2Dliberal%2Dby%2Dlawrence%2Dodonnell/?rc=daily.share&id=36112-18252279-3RjHrrx
Yeah, read it all before. I can see what you people are doing. We have 99 years of it, and it has never worked. We have the Euro, and eleven years of it in Japan and it doesn't work, and now the same things are happening here, as in Japan.

I will stick with the ideas here. http://mises.org/Books/economic_depressions_rothbard.pdf . Makes more sense than the crap the left is giving us.
Just because something makes sense to you, doesn't mean it's right. It can also mean you just have a poor understanding of the subject matter.

Secondly your book is an opinionated article by a single man. Miklkit's article is sourced from an academic study done by multiple people using scientific and academic methods.

I can't ever figure out why conservatives ignore scientific and academic sources in favor of opinioned books/articles by single persons. It totally defeats the credibility.
No. We could easily pay off our debt if our 1% started paying the same percentage of their income that everyone else does.
Except in this case you ARE wrong. Maybe you could take the higher road, quirk, and apologize...you'd certainly look better off than just alluding to "I'M DROPPING TO YOUR LEVEL!!!"

Have some self respect.
She's old and decrepit...she needs to be put out to pasture or made into superglue. I'm banking for the latter...the former is EEBILLL SOCIALISM and we can make a buck off of superglue.
Moreso than granny's.
What?  Ok mlw - show me your math.
Perhaps you should look up the term: dying. It doesn't mean there is a corpse yet and one can die for many years, slowly and painfully. Much like how America was dying underneath Bush & Republico rule.

Dying != dead and one can beat dying.
No zing for you!
-ahem-

Ba-zinga!
The UK and the USA can't be compared.

mlw - give up.  You are trying to incite something that doesn't exist.  I simply made a comment about a submission.  I have nothing to apologize for.  I stated reality.
Ah, advocating killing people you don't agree with.  Isn't that nice.
Warren Buffet has done the math time and time again. Hence his calls for higher tax rates on the wealthy. Just a thought.
Really? Warren (I owe back taxes) Buffett has done that math?  Should be easy for you to find a citation saying:
That if only the 1% paid the same percentage of their income that everyone else does (your words)...we could pay off our debt.

Hint:  MANY people pay 0% of their income.
What do you mean they can't be compared?

Let's compare:

British value of the dollar: HIGHER than the US (1 US dollar = 0.6147 British pounds sterling as of this posting via Google Search: "1 usd to british pound"

British healthcare rating as per WHO: 18 - universal healthcare for all
US healthcare rating as per WHO: 35 - very expensive, healthcare if you can afford it

Education in the US: costly, possible next debt bubble burst
Education in the UK: not costly, very comparable (if not better), mostly supported by tax payers

British S&P economic rating: AAA (affirmed by S&P on 4/13/12 even: http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2012/apr/13/uk-credit-rating-aaa-standard-poors)

US S&P economic rating: AA


I could go on, but you're totally right...we can't compare can we? How silly of us to want to be prosperous AND take care of their citizens like the UK manages to despite having a lower GDP. If I were a Republicon I'd be embarrassed.
Oh why not? The Repukes wanna bomb the fuck out of Iran for Israel. They're OK with sending our troops into wars and watching them die, what's one less person? 

In fact it's the capitalist thing to do...if she truly is a granny she's probably on medicare and a drain on our system. I say off the bitch! If we make her into superglue we can actually turn a profit! That's free market/capitalist thinking right there!
I agree, most of those are 1%ers and corporations like GE.
You are a total dumbass!

First, I am NOT a conservative. You want to debate trickle down? I can spend a long time telling you why it could work.

Bush? No problem. I will spend all night telling why he was seriously effed in the head.

Same with the son of Bush.

There is more to this world then the black and white one you live in. All you see are people that agree with my GOD, and the people that dom't, and you call all of them conservatives.

Oh, and one man's opinion? And foot notes? Heck, I will even add tables. 

http://library.mises.org/books/Murray%20N%20Rothbard/Americas%20Great%20Depression.pdf

Heck. do you even know who Murray Rothbard was? Hmm...he got is BS, an MS in economics from this crappy school called New York University, then he went on to a PHD at another crappy school called Columbia University.

Oh, and he wrote a lot of books on economics, including this one, http://mises.org/Books/mespm.PDF .

Oh, and the last 99 years of history is all i need to show me that Keynes was full of crap. I do not need to read, Hazlitt, Mises, Rothbard, or any of the other economist's at the crappy university called Auburn. Ever hear of it? Guess not.
You didn't like that 50 year study?  How about this shorter one showing what happened to England when their conservatives got in control?

http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2012/04/27/uk-recession.html
Hmm...I was just wondering why people would waste their money on fly by night schools like New York University, Columbia, or Auburn? I mean, they don't sound any better than a diploma mill.
Tulane University is a diploma mill now?

You're really stuck on this "OH HE WENT TO NEW YORK UNIVERSITY" and it bears no relevance. The Tulane University research article was over the last 50 years of economic policy. 10+ of those happened after Rothbard died and let's not point out as time moves on we can look back with much more clarity. But go ahead, bash the academic research article and treasure the opinioned book trash AS ALL HALLOWED AND INFALLIBLE!

One man dead for over a decade clearly knows more about the last 10 years of economic policy than the researchers.
NO

THEY DIDN'T GO TO NEW YORK UNIVERSITY. THEY WENT TO SOME TRASHY DIPLOMA MILL!

HOW DARE YOU I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT TO SAY!!!!
Seriously WTF! You are a twit.

I am coming at this from somewhere you are not. If the answer is right, or left: conservative, or liberal; Keynes, or some moron conservative economist, then I do not even want to heat the question.

They are both serious effed in the head.
Yea fuck Obama we dont need him lets get that asshat Mitt Romney we don't need no damn democrats. That is what your comment sounds like to me. PEOPLE LIKE YOU GRANNY ARE THE REASON THIS COUNTRY IS FUCKED. I dont think we need anymore help or advice from the likes of you if we listened to folks like you we would be back to the dark ages
Obviously the new austerity conservatives, who have been wanting to kill off the pesky middle class for some time to institute their "neo feudalism", forgot to make a convincing scape goat of Liberal Policies.

>> For instance; in Greece, a lot of people are blaming "socialism" of education, health care, and government jobs -- such "largess" supposedly bankrupted that nation. The same things that have existed for decades all over Europe and even America until 1980 and economies actually grew with all sorts of onerous Unions, tariffs on imports and the like...

The ONLY way a nation can really go bankrupt, is if they don't control the banking, trade policies and allow money to flow out of the country -- you know "globalization."

The Globalists and Goldman Sacks bankers REQUIRE there be some token socialism around to play the fall guy for the evening news. Then the evangelicals, shills, hacks and trolls come out and crow about it at the water cooler. Like $65 Billion in defaulting sub-prime loans that made huge profits in interest for banks actually crashed our economy when the banks end up with the property and all of the money already paid -- that kind of thing.

It doesn't matter if it makes sense or not - -it just gets repeated until people believe. Obviously, England has NOT put whatever is required in the drinking water, or they just haven't had enough corporate education -- who knows.

The austerity programs failing isn't a surprise -- it's the intent -- the only surprise here is that people are blaming the austerity. That's off script.

We keep hearing about the lack-luster jobs report in the USA -- and nobody on the TV news seems to connect that to the Republican Governors firing hundreds of thousands of government workers. It's as if the fire fighters were puzzled why they couldn't put out a fire when a man was tossing tanks of gas on it.
No the "tough love" system that gets ahead by not educating the poor, and depending on "personal responsibility" to make sure that every child who walked was better off -- apparently because they were somehow still alive,... worked fabulously well for a long time -- until the Renaissance killed the "good times" for the royalty. We call it the "dark ages" but dang -- it was GOOD to be the king when Austerity ruled the land!

Of course the only way LABOR got valued higher was because the Black Plague killed 1 in 3 people -- so merely OWNING everything wasn't enough; you now had to pay people more to keep them working. As soon as the working folk had an extra coin jingling in their pockets, tradesmen and manufacturers started thriving and a middle class was born.

So it's been centuries, since the cankerous parasites we call the rich and powerful had such a golden opportunity to put the genie back in the bottle.
Ah theres Obama's little buddy. Did you know that your name backwards is undies?
Had nothing to do with them being heavily invested in wall street and the fact that wall street took the whole world, except Canada, with it?  Nah, just make up shit quirk.
Had nothing to do with them being heavily invested in wall street and the fact that wall street took the whole world, except Canada, with it?  Nah, just make up shit quirk.
The SIMPLE answer -- without having to spend a lot of time educating you - is that our economy was IN THE BLACK with only 3% more tax on the top 1% -- that was way back in the 90's.

After they lowered the Capital Gains tax - there was LESS investment. And after they left the wealthy more money to play with -- they INVESTED more -- but it was overseas. The $750 Billion Bush gave away in taxes became $1.4 Trillion in foreign investment.

And it took another $2 Trillion in needless wars to really sink the economy.

So we KNOW it's 3% because that's the knife in the back that Bush required to really fuck our economy, while spending as much as possible on Medicate Part D by NOT allowing any negotiating of drug prices. 

>> I mean, I could make a list -- but overall, that 3% of "socialism" you assholes keep bitching about, is all it would take to keep this whipped, starved and badly beaten economy from dying.

The Republicans should truly be proud that they finally killed off freedom in America, since they hate us for it.
Yeah, we do so little for our citizens and the Republicans keep finding ways to screw this country up -- but we keep having ingenious people preventing it from dying.

Despite their best efforts -- we are still here. It's got to be a real pisser to the Bush family that they have YET to kill this country.

Kapitalism should have eaten us alive by now... but I suppose our immune systems are pretty strong from living with the parasites for so long.
You won't find a prouder crop of ignorant, loud people anywhere else on the planet than here in the USA.

When we do something -- we go all the way.
To be fair mlw4428, the US credit rating is AA+ -- and that's only after the Republicans decided to spend money and NOT pay for it.

We could have easily kept out AAA rating, but the Republicans thought it was fiscally conservative to lower our credit score and thus raise the interest on the debt.

It's really hard negotiating with people in good faith -- who actually have no interest at all in making this country a better place.

We've had a 40 year low in crime -- and this ALEC group starts pushing these "stand your ground laws." Inevitably, it results in a vigilante just stalking and killing a kid who looked wrong to him -- we didn't have a race riot this time, but it's inevitable.

There are lot's of things that could be fixed -- but the Republicans only go after things that weren't problems in the first place, and manage to run them into the ground. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were some of the best run systems to get home ownership in the world. When a poor family has a low interest loan - their default rate is nearly exactly the US average. The Republicans privatized these companies -- and nobody seems to notice it was the "for profit" activities that caused the bankruptcies and saddled Fannie with debt.

Our Social Security agency, manages to keep millions of older Americans from being fed dog food --- and it does this for less than 2% cost. It's the envy of the world. And these "assholes" wanted to put it on the Stock Market -- just before it lost half it's value. And here's a news flash math challenged people -- the Baby Boomers are all going to be retiring at the same time -- that means that market timing will kill their nest egg. It also means that the "bankrupting of the SS fund" is actually the account going to zero when the Baby Boomers are done aging -- and there are now more workers than retirees to pay for it. But they want to FIX this?

It's seriously sad and nerve wracking to deal with these Fascists -- I can't have any respect for Republicans anymore. The facts they know are all wrong, and they are entirely full of shit. Even if I know a lot of Republicans who are decent people on a personal level -- they are all, every damn one of them, entirely full of shit because their facts are the result of think tanks and economic educations paid for by the "free market." The same 'market' that tells them they need a diet pill instead of a good walk.
Japan reveals the Keynesian path to prosperity to be a highway to hell.
FTFY
No spending cuts have actually occurred.  Federal expenditures have risen every year:
2009: £671 billion
2010: £697 billion
2011: £711 billion

The recently submitted 2012 budget is the first one with actual cuts, a whole £29 billion to 
£682 billion.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_United_Kingdom_budget
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/June_2010_United_Kingdom_budget
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_United_Kingdom_Budget
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_United_Kingdom_budget
Exactly.
No, what Romney did is the opposite of austerity, he extracted value from the businesses in the short term while loading them up with debt.  By the time they eventually failed he had extracted enough money from them to walk away with a profit.  Which is pretty much exactly what the politicians running the Government now are doing, borrowing to keep the spending high knowing they'll be gone by the time the house of cards collapses.
Dumbocrats, Alan? Really?
What my name backwards is Undies. How could I have ever let that slip my mind. And that is Captain Undies to you clueless crazy women. Im not Obamas buddy he has not earned my vote and never will but then Mitt hasn't got a snowballs chance in hell of getting my vote either cause i just see another Obama/Bush with him
Why if a person does not agree with the republicans or the democrats a conservative nut job thinks they are liberal. I am 100% independent on my views to me that is the american way I don't need the help of liberals or conservatives I tend to think for myself. Wear your conservative label proud because that is all it is is a label no more no less it does not entitle you to anything except a narrow minded and bias opinion about the world we live in.
England also shows us what happens when you have socialized health care:

"Sentenced to death for being old: The NHS denies life-saving treatment to the elderly, as one man's chilling story reveals"
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2126379/Sentenced-death-old-The-NHS-denies-life-saving-treatment-elderly-mans-chilling-story-reveals.html
Another LIE that has been debunked.  If you're going to try to participate in an honest debate, be honest/
its apparent he has no intention on arguing reality
That £29B is 2% of their GDP. That's about all the growth many developed countries have these days. Of course, they're all borrowing several times that much...but if we call borrowed money income (as we do with GDP), I guess we have to call more borrowed money 'growth' and less borrowed money 'recession'.
Debunked? And where's your proof?
What the matter cletus, all of the educated talk going over your head?  Maybe you can find an article on how to get your sister drunk for a good time.
Quick pointer son, if you have to quote the daily mail, you might as well admit you don't have a leg to stand on.
Well, she's probably poor (someone that ignorant can't possible earn much), so what do you care?
Well why don't you show me what is false about that article?
Oh, please, if you ever manned up to even a small percentage of your failures, you''d be way too embarrassed to show your face.
stop sucking the rich's balls man
Firstly it's not 'federal' that amount is solely the expenditure by the national government, to get the actual correct numbers you would also need to see cuts carried out on a county council level, the LCC budget covers public services which in some place have been cut by upto 30%.

The funds for the LCC's are gained via 'council tax' which is used to pay for local services, 2011 was the first year that the central government has requested funds from the LCC's from their council tax revenues there by boosting the central budget.
@vitriolandangsy - the raising if the interest on our debt and lowering of standard was m as you stated, because it was "fiscally conservative"...but mostly an attempt to make Obama look bad.
The same bullshit, different day - no attempt to do a fucking thing for anyone but their own corporate master, David Koch...Who, by the way, is not Republican but a Libertarian
Austerity is what drove us into the "Great Depression  of the 20's through 30;s and drives the Middle Class to poverty.  The last part has always been the planned end result. The war on the Middle Classes has been for the take over and "feudal" -ization of the country.
Maggie Thatcher, Ronald Reagan, HW Bush, David Cameron, GW Bush (though it is Cheney that actually pulled more of the strings for the Neo-cons)
8 hrs later I'm still waiting on you to provide proof that this was "debunked". I imagine I will be waiting a long time.
Maybe you can show me the math concusion?

And spare me the revolutionary talk.  Your revolution is going to amount to a gnat fart.
You are arguing that what mlw said is true, how exactly?
Really?  That's your answer?  Lol0ooloolol0l...
There, there little socialist...
The level of absurd here really is comical.
pub - why would you assume *I'm* rich?

mlw - watching you lose it has been fun.  Thanks.
I hope to gosh that England changes course, takes the advice of PUSA/Krugs, et al and once again begins to spend, spend, spend. 
I'm certain that'll work out REAL well!
You have a lot narrower mind than I do and half the people on here. You might want to reread you posts. I'm not the one using foul language against you just because we don't agree. 
As for you being an independent, that would be a liberal independent.
This is pretty much the kind of nonsense I'd expect from a far-left site like PoliticsUSA.

Let's use the Diggeral excuse for why we're broken here in America, which is usually some variation of "you can't turn around a huge economy on a dime/fix all these problems overnight/undo the Bush damage in a couple of years/takes time to see investments grow".  Britain has been laboring under disastrous Krugman-esq "let's spend more!" policies for over two decades, so doesn't the SAME logic apply here? 

A couple of years of half-austerity measures won't fix Britain, any more than cutting out  your daily trip to Starbucks will help much if you're making $100K/year but spending $150K/year.  Let's see the tough, independent Britain that existed under Churchill, and THEN you'll see this mess getting cleaned up.
@Laura - I think that meme has come and gone, dear.
Really quirk?  That is so funny?   How about some evidence?
...but enough about the Democrat Party....
It seems to me that if someone doesn't agree with you, you call them a socialist.  Perhaps you should do a little research on socialism.
You are saying that the UK's issues are the fault of Wall Street.  How about some evidence??
@Cosmic,

Yeah, I think we are both on the same page... but I'd say that someone like Koch goes beyond these mere "political labels" -- Libertarianism was invented in his think tanks to make the average joe imagine himself a CEO.

Koch is a robber baron, and I think a man like that resents the Renaissance era. If they could have robotic factories -- their only need for the teeming masses would be to grovel and provide prostitutes.

"Ponerology" is the study of how human societies put evil people in power -- and it's clear we are chock full of either weak-kneed enablers like our President, or one PR agent separated from blood-speckled psychopath's like the Koch brothers who pull the strings.

I don't think I can have any more disgust and disrespect for Republican leaders than I do now.

>> and in other news -- yet to be confirmed, the US navy has blown up a radioactive ghost ship coming from Japan -- poisoning Alaskan fishing... don't know if this isn't a moronic rumor --- but nothing in my current life experience would rule out something so dangerously stupid from our alleged defenders in the military.

The fact that Dick Cheney isn't in a slimy prison sell right now, tells me that we have no ability to mete out justice or solve our problems.

The fact that Vermont is passing a law to make corporations NOT in charge any more -- gives me hope that at any time we can DECIDE to control our destiny, and robber barons like Koch know it.
Maybe if you would read something about the crisis you would know that Europe was heavily invested in wall street.

http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/05/16/us-greece-pm-idUSTRE64F0Y020100516

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/02/25/AR2010022502183.html

http://fromthetrenchesworldreport.com/greek-prime-minister-is-accused-of-treason-major-european-and-us-banks-could-be-involved/4508
Exactly, it is why they just dropped their Corp. tax from 39% to 36%
crickets
concu, why you always concerned with men's balls and people sucking them?
No kidding, right?  This sub is laughable.
The funny thing is, he's talking one of the most misleading leftists bloglet sites as Gospel, while calling you out on citing the  Daily Mail.  It's too rich.
You understand that US banks aren't "Wall Street", right?

Try again.
I am very well-versed in what socialism is.

"Kapitalism should have eaten us alive by now"

Tell me how someone making this statement doesn't reveal them as a socialist...

Although, I suppose they could be communist.  But communism is just a farther degree of socialism.
@cranelake, as another fellow Brit, thank you.

Ouzel/Quirk you have absolutely no clue what you're talking about and you can piss off. We don't need american right-wing nutjobs telling us or others what OUR country is like.
Alan/Bett's been commenting so much lately they're starting to run out of steam. Even to the point to where they can't separate the language between the sock puppet accounts making it quite obvious they're the same person.
Id just like to point out the many many many people who have died because private insurance has not covered them(even after they paid). While i am not sure about the article itself, you act like in our system nobody dies for cut backs. The fact is, many many people die do to our system, far worse then England. 

so i am not sure your point...your saying that because a single payer system is not perfect, that we should stay with the utterly unacceptable system the USA currently has? not sure your argument, you'll protect 80 year old grandma, but not the 10 year old child, or the 25 year old young adult...
You understand that this is not done on a island?  You understand that the CDS affected everyone?   You understand that the stock market tanked when this all came out?  You understand that this took all businesses and governments in all countries down?
Your reasoning fails.

The first thing that every Austrian learns is that revenue shall be equal to, or be exceded by spending.

So, Reagan was right, lower taxes and you will raise more revenue.

And the left was right, lower taxes and the deficit will explode.

So, did you ever think that you were both wrong.

You can raise taxes to 100% and you will never pay the debt off.

The only thing that works is to cut everything, everywhere. Until you slave realize this, nothing is going to change.
@OUZE .. BS...You do not have a clue about socialism .If you did you would not use it as a buzz word in the way you do. Your use of it over and over does nothing more than display how ignorant you are . Your want of recognition by your peers, is pitiful to the least. Yes you do make some good points once in a while ..then you blow it by making dumb ass statements like you have just done.
There is no question that the conservative monetary policy had well and truly fucked up britains recovery. Cutting back on infrastructure investment, cutting back on education, incresing VAT and loading the tax burdon onto small businesses and those earning $30k or less has decimated the recovery, killed the housing market and completely eradicated the UKs manufacturing base.
The conservatives are backed by the major six banks, so they are receiving massive tax breaks.
Fubar.
Reasoning fails, the simple answer is that government fails. There is no amount of money that you can give it that will ever satisfy it. The only thing you can do is get rid of it. Nothing you do, nothing Keynes teaches will ever fix it. I used to think small government would work, but any government will grow into a beast, so believe what you want, but you cannot fix it.
All the arguing, debating and backbiting is like fighting over crumbs on the floor of the Rothchilds & the Families dining table as they laugh & watch us bicker as we pick up crumbs with a wet finger.
When all you have in your tool chest is a hammer, everything is a nail.
Ouzel will never admit she is wrong.  Ever.  She bails the conversation.  I don't bother with her or many of the GOP religious zealots here on digg, This is just a word of advise, there are better political discussion elsewhere.  Although just found out Libertarians are starting to autobury on other social sites now so my advice may not be valid for very long.
Don't sink to Steveoski's bread and butter responses.  Please.
How do nine people burry you without a single reply?
Like I said, it does not matter what source I give you, because if it disagrees with your world view you will simply bury it.

And I was being sarcastic. Keynes is you GOD and anyone that disagrees with him is a heretic.

You are no better than a fundamentalist Christian.
You can cut spending to 0 and you will never pay the debt off.

What are you, 12 years old?  

Raise taxes on those who can afford it, invest in growth, cut spending once the private sector has picked up the slack and employment is down to 4-5% and eventually, if you it means anything (?), pay off some debt.  

In fact all you need to do is re-employee the 1+ million state and local government workers that the US austerity program has put out of work (you know, the ones the private sector has no jobs for and never will at this rate) and you're pretty close to being out of this mess.
But the private sector is almost solely responsible for the economic collapse...combined with two wars, two tax cuts and reckless spending by Bush (who was no more than a patsy for big oil)...and your answer is get rid of the government...at a time when we probably need it the most to do what it is supposed to do..even after the great depression and WW2 and those people rallied and over came the despair...that sounds like someone who has completely given up...do you actually believe things are that bad now?  You get that money is abstract don't you?
Here is what you should do:

1. Please explain what career entailed and how I failed. 
2. You may also inform everyone what my duties were in Vietnam and how I failed there.
3. You must give an account of my material wealth and how I failed there.
4. Please inform readers about my family and my failures there.
5. Explain how I failed in charitable giving to the unfortunate.
.
After that please list all of your successes in career, family, wealth and charitable giving to help the under privileged. Let's check your story telling skills. You must go beyond your normal insulting one liners otherwise you may be labeled as a troll and a very angry and bitter pustule of a failure. Now we certainly don't want that to happen.

Perhaps you are a Fortune 500 CEO or CFO. Perhaps you are a 1%er and/or a great philanthropist. Let us all know.
So there are no fatalities, injuries, hospitalizations nor can you point to any crises issues that are not currently being addressed. I would like to inform you that Bush has been out of office for nearly 4 years. Could it be you are not aware? Would you like to join the real world now? That ostrich position must be painful after such a long time.
Duh.
Economic history is NOT on your side.  

Aside from that irrefutable fact, who's championing unlimited currency printing?  

While we know you detest John Maynard Keynes on ideological grounds, have you ever bothered to read his seminal work?  It doesn't appear so from your comments...

Keynes accurately pointed out that austerity always undermines economic recovery.  This assertion wasn't based on his opinion, it was based on OBSERVATION.  You see, Keynes studied the policy mistakes Conservatives made preceding, during and AFTER the Great Depression, then proposed a better means of preventing such economic calamities.  

While you and your ilk consistently refuse to recognize the validity of Keynes' work, Ben Bernanke just PROVED the validity of them along with the persistent failure of YOUR ideological beliefs.

I don't need to bury your mistaken economic/fiscal beliefs because they "bury" themselves every time Conservatives implement any portion of them in pursuit of blind greed.  We're living that truth...
Given that back in the day, the Daily Mail took one of my articles as the basis for one they were doing, and couldn't even get the facts or names of the people right in their version (even with my printed copy RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM), yeah, the Daily Mail is conclusively shit.

I should have sued them for libel at the time, but it was easier just to ignore it.
Nicely done sir
Funnily enough, there was a real-estate bubble in the UK. Before it started, prices were 1/4 what they were when it ended, and in some cases they inflated more than that.
First, Thank You for your Service, if i haven't thanked you before, might of caught a glimpse of you while i was there.

Second, i think PubicLurker just wants to waste others time by invoking a response, he, it, does not care about anything.
Prove it, even the mighty Krugman has stated that is false. This will never work until the spending, i mean bleeding stops.
Your no Brit, if you were, you would have proven your point instead of acting like a little child calling people names, never seen a Brit like you.
jeepy - and sometimes the hammer hits the nail on the head...
Scuse me, but I believe I've seen YOU also commenting about MY country.  I spent a great deal of time in your country.  How much have you spent in mine?

Again ... I'll comment when I want to.
I'm so happy you don't bother with me.  See, that's my policy, too.  There are so many thick-headed, idiotic liberals here on Digg that I really don't give much of a shit, either... plus, there are the dumbass personal attacks and stalky garbage.

Do have a lovely day.
Real lessons ....
