never thought much of fermi's paradox.  the thoughts of a curmudgeon who doesn't know he's short on information.
Sounds a bit presumptuous.
No, Fermi's Paradox is using the one critical piece of information that we have... the lack of ANY evidence of intelligent life.

The fact of the matter is that, relatively speaking, it doesn't take that long for an intelligent species of fill out a galaxy, even at sub-light speeds. Using geometric progression, it takes about 1 million (best case) to 100 million (worse case) years to expand. AI probes might even do it in less time. Compare that to the 13 billion years of the age of the universe (or 4 billion years of our sun), and you see the problem. Even if some species don't have an expansion desire, the key point is that *it only takes one*. If the galaxy is teeming with civilizations, all the habitable planets would be conquered by now.

In my opinion, there is only one inevitable conclusion... we are alone in the galaxy. Or we're the first (which is saying the same thing).

(The universe is another question... the distance between galaxies is so great that it's impractical on any time scale to seed other galaxies).
Evidence is everywhere. All you have to do is see things for what they are. Its really that easy. Humans have too much ego and pride. So fucking stupid. Beginning stages? Yeah, right.
riiiiight...
or humans may be one of the last advanced species in the universe. What's the point of useless and baseless conjecture?
Isn't it a bit presumptuous to think the opposite with no evidence of life let alone "intelligent" life elsewhere?

I think you are putting the cart before the horse. First you need some evidence then you can extrapolate from it.
Link please. You seem to have an inferiority complex and are waiting for "aliens" to take you away from your fellow humans apparently.
What evidence do you have to the contrary? What evidence do you have that we are the "last"? What evidence do you have of any life outside of our planet? Unless if you have some then you are making baseless claims.
an interesting thought, dugg
Especially Beavis and Butthead. 
It's not that hard to extrapolate that, given the size and age of the universe, we're nowhere CLOSE to the first emergence of intelligent life.

Plus...we're already being visited. So it's laughable.
Truly absurd.
Uh....
http://ufosontherecord.com/

Truth is stranger than fiction, bud. We're definitely not alone.
http://ufosontherecord.com/
Wah wah wah...
The distance between stars is great, and there's a ton of them. Space is mostly empty. I'd find it hard to believe that other civilizations would make it this far even without wiping themselves out. Especially as you need a pretty insane propulsion system to cover the distance in any kind of speed, and you'd have to create millions of probes. That kind of resource requirement probably involves mining a solar system. 

The speed of light is the killer here. And we're assuming that a civilization like that would use photons for communication - not something based around quantum entanglement or something else more direct (my own pet daydream is separated electron/positron pairs created in the same event - shine light on one, and when it relaxes and emits a photon, the other particle in the pair may too). Either way, communication methods of an advanced civilization may not be leaky and as such would be nearly impossible to detect.
it's speculation your honor!
May? There's about a 1 in a billion chance of us being the first.
This sounds just as conceited as an omnipotent being creating the universe just for us
"Isn't it a bit presumptuous to think the opposite with no evidence of life let alone "intelligent" life elsewhere?"

No, cause there is evidence. Us.
Says the humans.  
I don't see "Onion" so i am confused.
Probability wise based on the size of universe and what we understand of life (thruogh evolution) it seems very likely there are other forms of life (including intellignet) out there.

It's like before we knew there were terrestial planets out htere..It was based on our probabilities and so we knew with high certaintty they were out there but didnt have technology to prove it.  But now we do and know there are even more planets than we thought.  So life is the same.  Just give it time and we will fin dit.
Don't be fooled!... this is not authentic science, just another perspective... an educated guess founded on information as collected by scientists. Science has as it's base provable facts. The data supportive to plenty of views floating around nowadays, are collected by scientists (i.e. experts in their respective fields)... but that doesn't make it fact! It just provides another refreshing angle on the question of intelligent life in the universe.
This author will probably eat their words in the future.  What basis does he really have?  Might as well go home, masturbate, and assume i'm the first on who ever though of this.
i c what you did there.
Eh, somebody's gotta be first.
The key is geometric progression. You don't build a million seed ships at once, you send out 5 seed ships to neighboring stars at sub-light speeds. After they build up their resources, they send out 5 ships, and so on. Do the math. Aggressive civilizations can fill out a galaxy in about 1,000,000 years. Slower ones do it in 100,000,000, and that's *very* conservative.

The speed of light sucks, but it's not a deal-breaker on galactic scales with enough time. And we're talking about a *lot* of time that has passed in the life of this galaxy.

It only takes *one* civilization with an expansion desire. Just one.
If truth is stranger than fiction, what truth is stranger than the idea that we're completely unique as intelligent life in the galaxy, if not the universe?
Listen, if you aren't able to do what I said don't start throwing stones my way. You are doing what everyone else does when they reach a subject they cant comprehend, they deflect with the "foil hat" comments. Whats entertaining on my end is that the people that do that have either very low intelligence or they tend to follow the opinion of those around them. In other words, they are not smart. They haven't learned how to look at reality. You go ahead and stay in your little bubble, I obviously cant teach you a thing, you know it all.
If you truly seek the knowledge of our history, start with learning about the civilization that created the pyramids all over the earth, and how the primitive cultures after them took them as their own. Example, modern archaeologists will tell you the ones in Egypt were built with copper hammers and ropes. They were once covered in 2ft thick limestone and topped with a golden top. You want the truth, you have to find it for yourself, and stop expecting everyone else to show it to you, as if this is fucking history class and we are your teachers. If your point was just to mock, then just pretend Im insulting you as well.
So you are a UFO nut I see. You might lack intelligence but the rest of us can distinguish fact from fiction.
Yeah, us on "THIS" planet. You have one data point. You need more than one data point.
Aren't you late for your UFO "believers" meeting in the Nevada desert?
Why is it so hard to accept that we still lack so much information? Our pride? All we can do is speculate at this point.
Aren't you a little late to your trolls meeting? Then maybe you could learn how to be a better one.
Truth is only stranger than fiction when we don't understand the truth.
In 4 billion years, life has formed just once, on a place where it's preconditions are about perfect. Our Earth. 

And you know this how?  Tell us how you're sure life didn't arise many times before, and during, the cyclic heavy bombardment.
dailygalaxy is the classic example of the basement blogger REALLY interested in something, but not quite up to speed intellectually.
"life has formed just once"

There's still a lot out there. You really can't make this claim with any degree of certainty or seriousness.
"Unless if you have some then you are making baseless claims."

Except he didn't make any claims, he says "or humans may be...", as in, it's one of the possible options. Your questions are humorously similar in their conjectural baselessness. Pot, meet kettle.
We really haven't looked very hard yet.  

Why is everyone so threatened by the notion of not being the first and only?  It doesn't devalue humanity.
Don't you understand how hypocritical you're being? You're attacking people for making one conjectural claim, while making conjectural claims of your own. It seems like everyone here is aware that all we're doing is postulating possible options, but you're getting literally offended that people have the audacity to say that humans might not be the best thing in the cosmos. Chill out dude, geez.
"Using geometric progression, it takes about 1 million (best case) to 100 million (worse case) years to expand."

'Here, let me show you how silly your flimsy hypothesis is, by correcting it with a flimsy hypothesis of my own!'

But seriously, this statement is a hysterically absurd simplification that ignores the enormous amount of complex variables associated with, well, everything relating to evolving sentience to producing practical space-faring technology.
"Aggressive civilizations can fill out a galaxy in about 1,000,000 years. Slower ones do it in 100,000,000, and that's *very* conservative."

Unfortunately for your hypothesis, geometric progression is only accurate if the production, voyage, and reproduction of every single seed ship unfolds chronologically, technologically, socially and biologically perfectly. 

A more accurate model would take into consideration problems the ships might experience; malfunctions and breakdowns, collisions with asteroids or other cosmic objects that destroy or disable a ship, fuel depletion, or internal damaging; what the crew might experience; sabotage, mutiny, starvation and drought, resource depletion, atmospheric venting, reproduction issues in zero gravity, bone and muscle degradation, disease, and social malfunctions; or external threats the ship and crew might experience; contact and/or war with another sentient species, inability to create another seed ship/refuel/restock supplies because the destination planet/moon/cosmic object has insufficient resources, etc. Hell, when were talking about galactic distances, even the threat of society falling apart becomes a serious threat. A lesson learned a hundred times over throughout history just on our one planet is that empires that stretch themselves too thin perish swiftly. 

Taking all of this into consideration, plus the *millions* of other potential problems I didn't think of but certainly exist, makes you're "conservative" 100 million year estimate look like little more than an unrealistically optimistic over-estimate.
I actually don't know what you're talking about. I gave you a clear path to a civilization taking over a galaxy. You hand-waved that it wouldn't work because... well, you didn't give a reason except to say that it's "absurd". Why, exactly?

Sure, it takes more technology that what we currently have. So what? Are you saying that 10,000 years from now, it's completely absurd that we would have that technology? Or 100,000?

Stop thinking in terms of normal human time spans. The Milky Way is 13 BILLION years old. If a civilization has to take a million years to develop the technology to make a slow-boat seed ship, hell, that's a drop in the bucket of time. And with robotic artificial intelligence (which I personally believe is inevitable, but not for another few hundred years for humans), it's not difficult at all.

AI + nuclear engines + suspended animation = sleeper seed ship.

Really, we're not talking teleportation. A seed ship is clearly defined physics. No, we can't do it now, but it's foolish to say we can't do it in 1K, 10K, 100K years.
Why do I have the feeling you didn't do the math?

The "5" is 5 successful voyages, which is a foolishly small number. Let's say they send out 100 missions, hoping for 5 to be successful. 100 is not a very large number in the grand scheme of time. Maybe they spread the 100 over 10,000 years. It really doesn't affect the final result.

If you don't believe me, do the math or if you're not a math person, get a math-oriented friend to calculate it for you. I am being very conservative on the time scale.
"well, you didn't give a reason except to say that it's "absurd". Why, exactly?"

Fair enough. However, I made another reply to another one of your posts here that elaborates on the potential reasons why this concept isn't as geometrically perfect as you say it is.

"Stop thinking in terms of normal human time spans."

I'm not. Time is the smallest concern I have with regards to space colonization. You're looking at this idea from too far away. When you just go through the macro-motions of a concept, you miss the details and the little things; the technological, biological and social problems associated with such a titanic venture.
"I am being very conservative on the time scale."

They could send out a thousand ships a year until their home world had no one left on it, and the chances of them achieving galactic colonization, even after millions and millions and millions of years, is still extremely small. The geometric math formula is too simplistic because it assumes a galaxy full of resource-rich planets with no competing sentient life, technology that is immune to failure, malfunction, sabotage, and destruction, and a social structure that can maintain a passion and desire for continued colonization over virtually countless generations.
you are miss interpreting the numbers.  maybe the same way fermi did.  the fact is that earth is the only data sample we really have.  so its not zero...  its a 100% chance of life using the data we have.  

the speculation is that there is or isn't life other places.  but if you look at the data we have of our local area we are finding indications that it exists in more than one place locally.  i think among astrobiologists the the issue is prematurely so...  but a moot issue.  the consensus is there is life other places in our solar system.  

so...  here is a wrench for ya to think about.  there are a large number of people that have come to agree with the ideas of Dr. O'Neill and the surface of a planet isn't the best place for a technological civilization.  he isn't alone.  Dr. Dyson has come to the same conclusion.  so settling planets throughout a galaxy isn't a good measure.  O'Neill colonies or dyson spheres are pretty much invisible to us.  they could be everywhere.  we've found at least one exoplanet that is darker than charcoal.   if it wasn't orbiting close to its star we'd not see it at all.  maybe its artificial.  sure puzzled the scientists that found it.  

fermi ask a question that simply had no meaning... offered no answer.
The point isn't that human will eventually do this. The argument is that it shows that humans are probably the only intelligence species in the galaxy.

If you believe that there are numerous intelligent civilizations in the galaxy, then to argue against my concept, you have to show that not once -- not ONCE -- did they decide to expand beyond their home solar system. It only takes one civilization with the right technology, biology and social structure to do it, and then it's game over. They're everywhere.

Again, think of the time scale. If intelligence is common, then it arose billions of years before our sun was even born.

I think the burden of proof is on you to explain why it's impossible for any intelligence to do a geometric expansion.
i don't like this scheme.  seed ships to do what?  go somewhere and make more seed ships?  if we were thinking of building seed ships i would want to know why?  telling someone else we are here just wouldn't be a good reason to me.  

it could intrinsically dangerous.   i'd want to know why and when do they stop building seed ships?  why won't the entire galaxy be turned into seed ships planets other species and all.?  like you said its the exponential part that is the issue.  will they recognize other life when they see it or will they end up in a war with some species they don't understand is life and want to convert to seed ships?  i'd say right off hand that is a certainty.

i don't think its certain that they will perform as you expect. there are behaviors that are part of a complex system of- in this case...  'bots that i don't think are clear.  

they might devour everything in the area and sit there without fuel.  i don't its clear that its possible to send out seed ships in this way.   it could be that every scenario fails and we'd know that if we had the ability to do this. 

i think careful thought by anyone or any thing would find that the risks out weigh the benefits.   not saying you're wrong...  i'm saying its not as simple as "send out 5 seed ships and populate the galaxy."
I can say the total opposite and have the same chance of being correct considering it's all an academic exercise.
"The point isn't that human will eventually do this."

I never said it was.

"It only takes one civilization with the right technology, biology and social structure to do it, and then it's game over. They're everywhere."

It would still take them millions and millions of years. And if they were in some kind of cryo-storage for the vast majority of travel time, as you postulated, then reproduction would be relatively slow and they simply wouldn't have enough people to populate the galaxy. One seed ship would arrive at it's planet, and half the crew could disembark and the other half could go on to another planet, but the gene pool would be severely restricted; no where near large enough to create a stable population. They could just have absolutely massive ships that house like ten thousand people, but such a titanic feat of engineering would be even more prone to technological error and social malfunction. 

"If intelligence is common, then it arose billions of years before our sun was even born."

Another enormous, baseless, unfounded assumption. Intelligence in the cosmos could have arisen long ago. It could have arisen in other star systems in the last century. We could be the first. We could be the last, in a galaxy that has wiped itself clean through interstellar warfare. All of these options, regardless of their likelihood, are possible. Fermi's paradox is not an absolute paradox like logical word problems tend to be (Can god make a rock so big he can't lift it, etc.). Using it as a basis for an argument is silly. 

"I think the burden of proof is on you to explain why it's impossible for any intelligence to do a geometric expansion."

I have already done that. However, you are ignoring all of the very obvious problems I keep listing that explain why geometric expansion is highly unlikely, even with a cosmic time scale.
Clearly, your assumptions are wrong.
Considering the age of the universe and how many times the Earth got it's evolutionary clock reset it seems kinda unlikely.
Civilizations probably periodically wipe themselves out esp if they don't spread out.
Human at their present stage might not even make the grade as an advanced life form to other more advanced civilizations yet.

They still burn things for their primary source of energy ,use computers that use bits vs q-bits,and perform surgery by cutting the sick open to an ET capable of interstellar travel this would likely be cave man technology.
Hold the phone... humans are an advanced species!?
Hey, I've seen clips of the GOP debates.  We're not even the first advanced species on this planet.  I think dolphins are probably ahead of us here.
Well, so I did some rough calculations, and based on the fastest spacecraft we've ever built (200km/second), it would take roughly 14,800 years to reach the closest star (~10 light years) with planets (proposed planets to be exact - this is for the sake of argument, in reality the closest star with Earth-like planets is much further away). So, physically reaching/being reached is not a viable way of determining the existence of aliens. 

Another way is to look for radio signals, x-ray, gamma-rays, etc (both us and them). We are working on that, but with the number of stars in existence, and the small time frame in which we've been looking (30 years, maybe less), finding aliens that way is also not very viable. Please also note that we have been broadcasting (so to say) our location in space since the first radio signal in the '20s, so for a distance of about 90 lights years. If alien life exists more than 90 light years away, they will not be able to find us at the moment. Similarly for alien life; as well as the possibility that they may not broadcast radio waves (we are talking about analog signal here, since we've moved to digital signals, we have stopped  'broadcasting' our location since digital signal is structured differently and is indistinguishable from the cosmic 'background noise'), so if alien life got started millions of years before us, their analog radio signals maybe have passed Earth millions of years ago as well, so finding them by looking for radio waves isnt going to work very well.

So, to say we might be the first advanced species is a long-shot proposition, with no evidence to support it, and a very shoddy logic behind it.

Also, people may not realize it, but if we ever do find alien life, they will surely come from our own galaxy, which greatly limits our scope of being able to determine if intelligent life exists in the universe (that is, until the collision between the Milky Way Galaxy and the Andromeda Galaxy some 4.5 billions of years from now).
Maybe He was first... and then created us at some point - which would make you even more conceited for thinking you are too significant to be someone else's creation.
I don't think anybody could say either way. Intelligent life -could- be extremely rare for all we know. There are over 300 sextillion stars, a possible infinite amount of other spaces in other dimensions, and even the possibility of an unimaginable amount of other universes. 

What if the chance of life was 1 out of 10^(10^(10^(10^(10^(10^(10^(10^(10^(10^10)))))))) planets? That would probably make us the only intelligent life in this universe, but still within the realm of possibility when you consider the other universes/times/dimensions.
