Mitt Romney is evil and bad for America!
I don't suspect Mitt's stance on marijuana is much different that Barack Obama's.
That third video is ruthless. Where's the compassion?
Obama has a horrible track record on mj policy for sure, I can't deny that. I dream of a day when politicians will be willing to put their personal views on cannabis aside and have a real conversation about reform.
Anything to keep our minds off the economy, unemployment, debt, declining dollar, declining credit rating..........
Do you guys see my posts as DOUBLE posting lately?  If so, what can i do to stop this? or is that a DIGG issue?   I need help here....
If you're referring to you comments, leave them on the page and not from elsewhere or they double.
I was refeering to my article posts as they are posting twice for some reason..
Write digg. It's an issue on their end, not yours. They're pretty good at writing back about buggy issues.
Thank you,  will write them again...
But Obama's definition of reform would be that he would FORCE all Americans to buy marijuana even if they don't want it.
the only thing that would even get me to consider Mitt was if he was for legalization, well good thing I don't need to cross that barrier, what a douche.
yeah ok, boogie man boogie man ooohhhh ohhh scary.  Get your head out of your ass, christ.
"Here are the words out of his own mouth"

considering this is mitt... honestly when has that every proven anything?
they have the exact same views on weed. Ron Paul would have been our only chance this time around.
It's going to happen at the state level in all 50 states first then it won't matter federally.   It's going to take 20 years for it to happen.
The president isn't going to make much of a difference at this point in time.  If no one is willing to create and pass a law it will never get to the president to happen.  Until that happens the president is going to be against it as a safe political move.
Doesn't surprise me, Mitt is the most transparent, flip flopping presidential candidate Ive ever seen.
Mitt Romney is an enemy to the American way.

George Washington grew marijuana on his farm, and he smoked it, and had hemp and paper made from it.  Some of the hemp from his farm was woven into the first US flags, and some of the paper from his hemp farm had The Constitution and The Declaration of Independence written upon it with ink made from hemp oil and carbonblack.

George Washington said 'Make the most of the Indian hemp seed, and grow it every where.' and he himself did, thereby cultivating the American way.

The United States of America was born from the cultivation of marijuana.  Fact.
Screaming ideological idiots like you are why this country is falling apart.
I don't understand why liberals and conservatives are reversed on government position on weed. 

Conservatives need to embrace their stance on liberty and limited government and just say too hell with the current drug laws. Don't be touting liberty for all but continue the march of social control. 

Liberals (American version), I wish you believe in expanding liberty in other areas instead of just legalizing weed. Why limited the extension of liberty to weed? Let's get rid the income tax, reduce taxes, enhance property rights, reduce regulations and give people more choices and expand their personal responsibility.

I don't condone the recreational use of weed, however I support your right to use it.
I don't know why anyone still supports prohibition when every piece of scientific evidence points to it being a failed policy.
I support legalization because it has medical benefits and fiber hemp which is largely THC free is a wonder plant producing more and superior fiber to cotton and more oil per acre then soy beans.
He does not have my vote.
Bah, nobody cares about the founding fathers! Get with the times!
lol wow . . .
Hey man, he COULD be for it! Just give him a couple weeks!
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
If you want to advertise here, FUCKING PAY FOR IT.

Now take your SLEAZY PORN and shove it up your ass.
But no one knew about the dangers of it back then.
the dangers of saying dude a lot ?
Please provide some scientific proof that it is dangerous.

You will find this impossible to do, so I don't expect a reply from you.
doubt it, i don't think there are any large corporate interests in legalization
Whatever he say's will change.......That is the substance of his campaign.
They knew that it interfered with their profits in many other things that they could control.
He's answering political questions.  He's not running for president to have a sob-party for everyone who's suffering.  He said he's sorry, explained his stance, and then moved on.
Do you expect him to completely reverse his stance just because some guy in a wheelchair tells him that marijuana is the only thing that can help him?  Well, it is Romney, so I guess that's not out of the question.
You don't condone it, but you support it? O_o'

"To forgive, excuse or overlook (something).
2.(transitive) To allow, accept or permit (something)."

You don't forgive, excuse, overlook, allow, accept or permit the use of weed, but you support it?

Are you sure you aren't high on something right now? Er, 11 hours and 31 minutes ago? :D
Yes. I personally disapprove the recreational use of weed. That's my personal choice. However, I'm not going to push my personal choice on you. I support your right to use it. 

I don't like restaurants that allow smoking... but I support the right for the owner choice to make their establishment smoking or non-smoking

I hate tanning beds... but I'm not going to stop anyone from using it.
i would beg to differ.  i'd wager that most major cigarette companies are frothing at the mouth waiting for it.  for them, it would be like all of a sudden changing your ingredients and with no new machinery or processes being able to make another 1000% markup on your product.
right.  the government had to make reefer madness before we all realized that people who smoke marijuana eventually go crazy and murder their families with an ax, or jump out of high-rise windows.

i suppose you also think that cocaine makes black men want to rape white women?  

don't worry, i have a hard time discerning the difference between truth and propaganda too.
The sad thing is we'll likely have to choose between this closed-minded fool and a blatant liar.  Who will be worse on drug policy?  That is a major unknown.  We already know the liar is very bad news, and might be even worse if reelected and totally unfettered.

If only there were some way Dr. Paul could win the primary...
A normal human being would have at least an ounce of compassion for the poor man and perhaps give a second thought to how his closed-mindedness might be harming others.
the states had to whine for YEARS to get the govt to ban it (the federal govt kept telling them to do it themselves), and then it was kicked around for a few more years while they tried to find a constitutional way to criminalize a naturally occurring weed.

it will be the same gutwrenching process to get it re-legalized, only in reverse.
not wanting to push your personal choices on me?  that doesn't sound very republican of you...

don't you realize that true conservatism is not just believing something, it's having the courage and dickitude to inflict your beliefs on others who don't share them.
i would like to see THAT on video.
We can make it happen far sooner than that if we elect someone like Ron Paul.
Well so what?
The politicians, they don't care about Us.
He can't be any worse than Obama is on this issue.
Hey, if getting rid of taxes or making them barely nothing was a valid option, I'd be all for it, but I'm not really a tax expert, it just doesn't sound like a realistic option unless we want to get rid of government and run around with out shotguns policing ourselves.

As for regulations same thing.  Lets get rid of regulations that keep our water clean, lets get rid of regulations that say you can smoke again indoors in a crowded room, lets get rid of regulations that make sure food distributors don't poison us.  How is that liberty? Its retarded.

I am for getting rid of pointless regulations that are only designed to make the government more money but is that all your talking about?
I'll tell you why:

Because neither conservatives nor 'liberals' have any clue as to why they support some prohibitions and condemn others.  Neither side bases their politics off of principles nor analytic thinking. 

The principle that they don't understand is that the societal ills (cartels, drug violence, decreased quality, increased price, millions in jail) that are the effect of prohibition of marijuana are inevitable results of economic laws.  In other words, these types of deleterious effects that we see with marijuana prohibition are not exclusive to the marijuana issue:  You get the same types of results when you ban/criminalize ANY product, substance, or activity.  

Furthermore, the act of prohibiting/criminalizing is just the fully-grown big brother to the lesser forms of full-on prohibition; which are taxation, regulation, and any other interference into the market which effectively increases entry barriers for producers, and increases costs (whether those costs be monetary or risk of being caught) for consumers.

I think that most people can clearly see that we saw these same effects during alcohol prohibition (cartelization, violence, increased cost, decreased quality, did not necessarily decrease consumption). . . . . but hardly anyone can see these same economic forces at work in say, the health-care market of the united states.  Few people realize or are willing to acknowledge that the AMA restricting supply of doctors and medical schools (by virtue of the state), the state medical boards heavy handed licensure an regulations, cartelization and regulation of the insurers (again via government), and many many other government intrusions upon the market (long before Obamacare was even a twinkle in anybody's eye), have left the health-care market of the U.S., in (qualitatively speaking) the same condition as the marijuana market.  You are seeing a failed health care system, precisely for the same reasons that you see a failed and dangerous marijuana market. .. only to a lesser extent, because of course access to health-care isn't completely banned;  it's barriers to entry for producers have just been set so high and in so many ways.

Don't believe me. . . find an industry who's product's prices continue to fall (even despite inflation of the currency), and you have probably found one of the least regulated or least interfered with industries in the economy.  That can be a complex thing to look at, but generally speaking, if you look at consumer electronics (especially computers, smart-phones, and tablets), you will find one of the rare examples of a market that is not failing consumers completely, but continues to innovate incessantly and yet get cheaper and cheaper. . . and yet the industry creates jobs, not loses them, and drives consumer demand for their products.  Most other products and services in our economy are more heavily regulated and they have necessarily become stagnant in terms of innovation of their product offerings and the safety and quality of their processes, and prices increase, and yet they do not create jobs, and they do not drive demand for their product.  Markets, if left alone, can and will provide better and cheaper quality and safety guarantees for consumers, than bureaucratic monopoly-government alphabet soup agencies. . . because regulation is a good/service itself. . . one that most in society want, and one which (just like marijuana and health-care) will be better provided for if left alone, for non-monopoly market actors to innovate and have the profit signals and motive towards ensuring that they regulate the companies they oversee in such a way as to provide the best possible balance between safety and cost, and innovate where natural barriers to progress arise (unlike central government regulators which simply issue mandates and have no skin in the game if those mandates fail to produce safety. . . think BP oil rig and all the other oil spills, and all the food-borne salmonella outbreaks that the FDA allows. . . think all the deaths on our state run and state built highways . . . . think of all those killed by bad drugs, and those killed by not having access to drugs that the FDA outright bans from entering the market . . . think of all those impoverished now because of the government's monopoly on money, and the central bank's manipulation of it . . . think how many casualties of war and imperialism from our government's monopoly of "defense" services. . think how much less safe, and how personally intrusive air travel is because of the TSA, and how slow and expensive it has become).  Stagnation and death, that is all that ever comes of coercive monopolies on governance and regulatory services, and interference into the market by such an entity.   

Additionally, where physical/theoretical constraints are reached in increases of quality and safety, then those markets (or other markets) will develop completely different solutions: products and services to meet the needs of consumers.  Look at what UL (underwriters laboratories; a private, voluntary, regulator of electrical appliances and many other things) does. .. they don't simply issue mandates to be followed on pain of fines or imprisonment, nor do they simply inspect, they also expend a great deal of capital researching and staying at the forefront of new technologies which will *enable* (vs. the stagnant fines and regulatory capture of their government counterparts) their consumers, the companies and products under their regulation, to find the most efficient and cost effective means of producing a safe and quality product, which is still affordable to the consumer.  Can you imagine a federal or state agency doing that?  Of course not. . .and even if they did, there would be no legitimate economic measure by which to determine whether they were doing a good job for their "clients" (really their subjects), because they hold a coercive monopoly on regulating such, and so there is no competition and no alternative, and they have no incentive to produce results because they will not be sued or go out of business if the companies under their watch hurt someone with their product. . . in fact they get to simply punish that company, for their own failings.

Yes, the above wall-O'-text all has to do with marijuana prohibition. . . and until more people see it. . . mj will probably remain illegal, or so heavily regulated and taxed that the market for marijuana will still suffer from the same ills that most every other market in our semi-fascist economy does at this time.
Go fuck yourself, Romney. Those are the most SMH videos I've ever seen in my life.
I'm not a republican... I'm a conservative-libertarian. Except for a select few in the GOP, Republicans are just Democrat light.

I do believe government must preserve everyone's right to liberty and life. This Includes the unborn.
The President has enormous sway on the public's opinions.
