agreed, in fact keeping minimum wages same but imposing temporary control on the number of hours an individual can work in a week would result in the unemployed getting the opportunity to work and the employed keep earning what they are. businesses also benefit because they dont have to pay overtime.
but this all depends on what percentage of the unemployed want to work and that too at minimum wage?
as salam WERAR?
Critical Thinking or Think Outside The Box would related to these statement!
You could be right except for a very basic concept. If you push wage costs up too high you open the door for a huge production jobs bleed.

Countries like China with their lack of human rights and a willingness to use slave labour means they produce products at a lower rate than the US ever can.

Illegal immigrants doing the jobs for cut throat rates in the US that would then get employed by unscrupulous companies who care only about the bottom line.

If the requirement is to increase wages that wage increase must be offset with a 1000% border control and at the same time tightening economic borders with countries that do not have the same fair wage standards(thereby pushing up their own production costs and being on a more even footing with the USA).

More money for everybody is nice, a IDEALISTIC CONCEPT. 

But the problem with idealists is that they never understand that there must be a trade off. We all want a perfect world. Some of us want everybody to work towards a perfect world, and the rest believe that the evil capitalists must pay for some to do a below standard job and live the rich life for it.
I know it's just a small-scale anecdote but here in rural/hillbilly Ohio, our minimum wage went from $5.15 to $7.25 and a large amount of independent businesses went under and the federal minimum wage raise was largely to blame. I'm sure in different environments it could have a positive effect but from my experience it can be a kick in the head for the local economy.
what business went under?
Just off the top of my head, I can think of 3 restaurants and a shoe store that closed up and set the property for sale as soon as the wage raise was announced. I was only 18 at the time and this was a few years ago so I can't remember more specifics.
used to be we got 30 bushels of corn an acre and now with the chemical fertilisers we get 300 bushels. machines can do the work of 10s of laborers. look at the soaring price of produce in the stores 

I think it's because corporations want to keep more of the huge increase of profits,keep the gov welfare, not pay taxes and pay help as little as they have to

we're now paying basic help 12.00 an hour
places like walmart and online sales, that killed most all local small shoe stores, local clothing stores aswell..that's just the times we are in. 

 restaurants may have closed because they had less people who could afford to eat out or perhaps they lost their lunchtime crowd when your local businesses went away. it can't be because of a slight raise because those same better paid workers spend that money local on resturants and shoes.
"3 restaurants and a shoe store that closed up and set the property for sale as soon as the wage raise was announced"

Interesting considering restaurants are exempt from minimum wage laws for any employees who receive tips.

 Also the fact that they closed down before the law even took effect makes it sound like that was simply an excuse to cover the fact they were already unprofitable.
A mandatory 36% raise in pay for some (if not all) of a small business's work force is far from slight. (My mistake, it went from 5.25 to 7.15)

Also the minimum wage crowd around here buys it's shoes from Walmart and when they eat out (which is rare) it is at some place like McDonalds or Taco Bell. The regulars at restaurants and shoe store in question were middle and upper-middle class.

Like I said in my OP, I'm sure that there were environments that benefited from the change. The local bars in the area are probably an example of people putting their increased revenue back into the local economy. I know, however, that there were direct negative consequences from the wage increase. I guess then the question is whether or not the good outweighed the bad. Around here I don't think that was the case.
It's not always that easy.

 If for instance you run a factory,do you want to train people to run machines etc for a half shift as opposed to just paying out OT to your already trained employees?

I can see it making sense in some jobs, but for others the cost of training, etc might not be worth it for a part time employee...
http://www.dol.gov/elaws/faq/esa/flsa/002.htm

Actually the minimum wage for employees who receive tips is $2.13 if that plus tips averages to at least $7.25.

I don't know what Ohio's wage laws were in regards to employees who receive tips before the change but I do know that the change affected bus boys/dishwashers/greeters/cooks.

I guess it's possible that they wanted "to cover the fact they were already unprofitable."

Or they wanted to close up shop and get their property on the market before it was flooded with the properties of businesses that went down fighting.
There is an inherent income redistribution problem with the predatory form of capitalism we are using however. CEOs rake in a full one third of all the pay in America, and average about 400 times what an average worker at their respective companies make. That is the problem. The working man who creates the wealth deserves a far larger share of it. The managers should make no more than 20x what anyone else does, like Japan and most of Europe.
Why can't the left get it through their heads that minimum wage laws DON'T help the poor.

1) Raising minimum wage just pushes up the base cost of goods.  In the end it all balances out.  If you push minimum wage up, what used to cost 7 dollars will soon cost 9 dollars.

2) Businesses, especially manufacturing, will move their operations where it's the most cost effective.  If you want to offshore even more jobs, raise the minimum wage.

3) Minimum wage pushes those with little or no job experience out of the running for a job.  A manager isn't going to pay $9/hr to someone with no job history.  They're going to look to get more bang for their buck.

If you want to help the poor, you need to create an environment where there's a worker shortage.  That means lowering the unemployment rate and raising the employment rate.  When unemployment reaches 3 or 4% and it's hard to fill job openings, employers will raise the rates to attract applicants.
They still have to pay their busboys, cooks, dishwashers, and the like.  Not everyone that works in a restaurant is wait staff.
what a dumb article. it ignores a crucial factor. when you raise the minimum wage, you are raising the operating costs and by extension raising the costs of the goods available for purchase (or make the employers market consider if they necessarily NEED all of their employees or if they can get by with less).

this means that those who are already minimum wage workers will receive "extra" compensation which will put them in the same place they were before. their lives are unchanged. what does happen though, is that the cost of living will grow higher, and those without jobs will be actively hurt by the wage change.

minimum wage laws are a good thing, but only when they are set at reasonable levels. the idea of raising it to almost $10 nationally is plain and simply unreasonable. this isn't good policy, this is vote pandering and will ultimately be much more destructive than helpful should it pass.

lowering the minimum wage might or might not create jobs (as this depends on if the minimum wage was already too high.), but pushing it up beyond fair levels will certainly destroy them
Anoher bullshit submission from kool-aid man.

You know what would make everybody happy?  If they all made $1000 a day!  So let's just write that into law!  There everybody's happy now.

See that was tried in the USSR... Novie likes to call it "fair income redistribution" but it's nonsense.  Money is a symbolic concept representing goods.  Just mandating everybody makes a million dollars a day doesn't change the fact that there are only 40 apples to go around.  So when everybody made a properly equitable income redistributed wage in the USSR services and food had to be rationed to make sure demand was equitable.  That led to long lines, poor food quality and a depressed living standard.

That's how centralized economies "work".

The free markets counter that.  "Fair" is what you and the other person decide.  Not what a government bureaucracy tells you it is.
Why the ironic article title?
Such is the weakness of our republic.  The uneducated have just as much voice as the educated.  Lefties like to lead through emotion.  No matter how many times they try to legislate "justice," they fail.  That wouldn't be so bad except for the fact that destroy the lives of millions in the process.
1. while there is obviously going to be a rise in labor costs with a higher minimum wage, the problem is that CEOs are taking 1/3rd of all the money earned in America.  If you really want to control costs associated with pay, that is what needs to be tackled, not the living wages of regular working folks who actually create the wealth in the first place.

2. The business of unregulated business is pure profit, and thanks to "free trade" agreements that have no labor or environmental protections, many operations have already moved overseas.  We need to bail out of all of these that do not have guarantees, lest we all become the equivalent of chinese slave labor (working at factories without safety protections that pollute at will)

3. Companies need workers.  With lower unemployment, companies will be willing to train.
I like the meaning of the article!
Again, taking the money away from the CEOs and giving it to the glorious workers wont resolve the disparity.

You think that if all the workers could now suddenly afford a full tank of gas that gas prices would stay the same?

My great grandmother was on social security in her later years and lived in state housing.  Every time social security increased their payouts for cost of living the state raised the rent by the same amount.  No evil CEOs, no evil free market... Pure socialist bureaucracy.
If a minimum wage of $10 makes things good, then a minimum wage of $100 will make things AWESOME!
By increasing the minimum wage, you are basically saying four things about your policy:

1. We want to increase job exports;
2. We want to increase automated jobs;
3. We want to increase black market jobs; and
4. We want to eliminate low-profit companies.
These socialist never learn that this doesn't work. Look at what is going on in the EU.
You've never owned or managed a business, have you?
This article goes on to try to refute "implicit" philosophies in each of the three arguments presented in opposition to raising the minimum wage, yet does not directly refute any of the claims made against raising the minimum wage. I'd like to know whether the following really is true (1) do more people living in poverty not work (and therefore would not benefit from a raise in minimum wage), (2) do most people making minimum wage not living in families that are living in poverty (i.e. the working middle class teenager)... and I don't really care about the third point because that is just theoretical posturing. Why does this author raise three points made in opposition to his argument and then refute NONE of them? I guess I have to do my own research. Will post results if I find them.
Artificially inflating wages only serves to make it prohibitively expensive for companies to do business. So, what good is a higher wage if there are no businesses left to pay it?
So, turns out that the two arguments that this author failed to address are actually correct.... here is the results of my research:
1. 	80% of those making minimum wage do NOT live in low income households (i.e. they are the children and spouses of higher income household breadwinners). 
2. 	Well over half of those individuals earning minimum wage are under age 25 (most of which are teenagers and/or college students working part time). 
2. 	Most people earning minimum wage that were over age 25 were part time workers and not primary bread winners for their families (i.e. spouses of primary breadwinners working part time). 
3. 	The largest minimum wage paying industry is the hospitality-food service industries which are industries in which workers rely heavily on tips (often unreported as income)- therefore technically making over minimum wage (i.e. your local part time bar tender technically makes minimum wage). 
4.     There is no statistically significant difference amongst minimum wage workers as to race. 

Sources: 
http://www.bls.gov/cps/minwage2010.htm
http://www.getrichslowly.org/blog/2007/10/09/who-earns-the-minimum-wage/
http://www.mercatornet.com/mobile/view/how_not_to_solve_poverty

I once made minimum wage too... when I was a teenager living at home with my parents. I also technically made minimum wage when I waitressed during the summer between college semesters.  My mom also made minimum wage too for a few years, when she worked part time to subsidize the cost of my school tuition. Were either of us living in poverty... no. Is our story surprising similar to the overwhelming majority of minimum wage workers... yes.
You forgot increase unemployment. That always happens when you increase minimum wage. It is especially bad in a recession.
How do liberals not get this?  Every time you raise the minimum wage the prices go up at the places that employee minimum wage workers.  I saw this three times when I worked at Food Lion through high school.  Every time they bumped up minimum wage guess what else they bumped up.  If you guessed the price of their products you win.  

Businesses...do...not...pay...wages.  You the customer pays the price for wage increase.  In the case of Food Lion (a grocery store franchise here in NC) everyone who shopped at Food Lion suffered while Food Lion's bottom line didn't feel a thing.  In the case of smaller businesses who can't afford the wage increases two things happen.  People get fired or the business fails trying to support the new wage.

So before you get all gung ho about raising minimum wage thing about all the places and big name companies you shop at that will raise prices to cope with this.  You're talking Walmart, you're talking McDonalds, you're talking whatever hardware chain is popular where you live.  You'll end up paying more so someone who sucks at life or is in high school can have a better paying job.
EVERYTHING is counter to Right Wing propaganda -- if they weren't lying out their asses and believing nonsense, they wouldn't even have a platform.
prices go up cause said profitable board of directors  corporation and CEO need raises every year of 2-3 million and by damn if we give workers an extra buck an hour the world may fucking end.
how about instead of CEO getting raises of 2 million, he only gets a million and the workers get the rest, how interesting is that concept?
look at what is going on here, after 8 years of GW Heehaw we got morons like you who want to do the ride all over again.  How fucking insane.
Tee Hee!
talk about education, which part of science do you want to ignore today, mr CO2 is plant food so it must be good!!! Woooo education!!!!
its so fucking hard they deserve 8000x times more then everyone else.  Im guessing you havent run a business if you think its THAT hard and that the CEO does everything. hahha you're fucking so stupid its scary.
For every time you raise the minimum wage the cost of living goes up adding to inflation. The more you tax a product, or company the cost is only passed onto the consumer. Socialism is a dead end and it will only implode our economy. Didn't any one learn a lesson from the 70's?
"The regulars at restaurants and shoe store in question were middle and upper-middle class."

The people who are not affected by the minimum wage increase suddenly stopped shopping? Look for another reason skippy, that one doesn't factor out.

Also, as we keep being told, we're not supposed to be "corporate prejudiced" so what do we care if company A receives more money than company B?
No, that's too much like how things were during the times when our economy actually worked and we recognized that NO ONE has EVER "deserved" to make 400 times what someone else does.
You know, that evil capitalist Ford, who figured out if his employees make enough money to BUY his product, he EXPANDS HIS CUSTOMER BASE.

Too bad modern employers miss that obvious bit of sense that any highschooler should know.
The other question is, when all of the employees of all the businesses have been laid off or fired, who does the business expect to buy all their useless shit?
That is an effect, yes, but you have to realize that the very core of the problem is not with the wage increase on the lower paid employees, it's with the pay system throughout the entire company. The lower rung employees will be making shit, while the execs at the top will continue to be paid huge bonuses and get large raises. Why does that money not trickle down to the bottom like the right says it should? How is it that the company can not afford to give pay raises to the bottom (whether optional or forced), but can pay out HUGE raises and bonuses to the top?

For some reason people like you think it's normal for the head of a company to make hundreds of times more than the average employee in the same company. Why is that? Bonuses and high wages are there to attract and retain "talent", but the problem is the system has gotten completely out of control. The data reflects a HUGE paradigm shift in the last few decades in this regard, so what is normal now was not even a thought in anyones head 30 years ago. 

Where business execs saw opportunity to pay themselves more, they took it, and screwed over the employees at the bottom, and when government decided to step in and control this, those same execs blamed their decrease in profits on having to pay labor more. Rather than take the hit themselves, for the better of the company as a whole, they decided to make somebody else take the hit, the consumer. And this is normal why? How is this not a problem noticed by MOST of the right, or why is it not talked about?
Whatever your opinion, the fact remains that "being underpaid sucks".
@dauntless1,
"The people who are not affected by the minimum wage increase suddenly stopped shopping? Look for another reason skippy, that one doesn't factor out."

I never said that. My point wasn't that the businesses mentioned got decreased revenue from a loss in shoppers (I don't know where you got that from) but rather that the cost of running the business suddenly shot up because of the increase in wages they had to pay out to their employees. 

No Change in Revenue + Increase in Costs = Businesses stopped being profitable enough to keep going.

I've never been told not to be "corporate prejudiced". I also don't care if company A makes more than company B as long as company B doesn't go under because of government intrusion.
so when the CEO gets a 4 million dollar raise in the greatest depression since the 30s, does that not go to the cost of living?  Explain that to me.
The market value of an uneducated worker is not predicated on the market value of a c-level executive. In both cases (at least, in a truly free market) wages are dynamically assigned based on supply and demand.

Artificially inflated wages reduce supply and increase demand.
People "deserve" to make as much as someone is willing to pay them for their services or expertise. 

There are far fewer individuals with the expertise to manage a corporation than there are uneducated workers - a disparity much greater than 400:1.
no, actually no.  But if thats what you think is the truth if it makes you sleep at night to defend that lopsided shit go for it.  What are you again, a janitor? get the fuck out of here, you have no idea what it is to run a busines and the CEO doesn't do eveything in a company.  It must be fucking a nightmare to be the CEO of 7-11 figure out which tops to put on top of the coffee.  Tough decisions.
still waiting for the CEO bonuses how that does not effect cost of living, whenever you are read to address that feel free.
ah but giving CEO bonuses when their company lost money that money just comes out of thin air right.
:'(
We are talking about two different things. Minimum wage is mandated by government and affects all businesses that hire unskilled workers. There is no individual business decision, therefor it raises the price of labor above the equilibrium price which caused unemployment. The equilibrium price is the price where there is as many jobs available as there is labor. When the price of labor is raised above the equilibrium price the difference is unemployment.

Companies paying their CEO a bonus when they are losing money and making an individual decision and the consequences are only felt by that company. If it turns out to be a bad decision that company goes out of business. If the CEO comes up with a strategy to bring them to profitability that it was a good decision. Either way it does not affect the overall employment in the US because there is no government mandate to pay CEO bonuses. 

It does become problematic when the government gets involved and bails out companies and they continue to give out bonuses. But I think the whole concept of to big to fail is BS.
