Yeah....because he knows if he loses the women vote...he will lose the election. The younger crowd is no longer believing the hope and change bs.
Really?  Did he SLAM them?  Or did he just raise an issue and make a comment?

I'm really getting tired of political language being so inflated.  It serves no one but those who sell media.  It amplifies tension, exacerbates a political spectrum already rife with division, and it gets in the way of having an honest discussion about issues.

I want to live in a country where adults can openly discuss the problems of this nation without all this trumped up, macho bullshit posturing.  And I don't want to have to move to Finland to do it.
Obama retooled his 2008 message from hope change and unity to dividing the Americans into groups and pitting one against the other. He realized that his 2008 lies got exposed and that his track record will impress no one.
This is a left-wing blog site.  One of the problems we have generally in the national dialogue and, in particular, on Digg is the prevalence of special interest sites that employ this language.

There are legit news sources that report story A.

These get subbed to Digg and commented on.

These blogs pick up story A and inflate the significance or spin the story into digestible talking points.

These get subbed to Digg and commented on.

Then there are the "bloglets" that pick up story a and deliberately try to inflame the issue and often leave out important details.  Basically these "bloglets" are misinformative and serve no other purpose than to say, "Story A shows that the tyrannical politicians are poopyheads who want to kill babies."

These get subbed to Digg and commented on.

It's easy to spot the bloglets and the idiots who comment on them.  Basically, if a poster is saying... "They won't be happy until women are put in burkas!"  "They don't care about the poor except to kick them."  etc... you can pretty much guarantee that the submission was worthless trash in the first place.

The authors/owners of these bloglet sites think they are heroes, but really they are responsible for the degradation of debate.
<Sigh>

Guess I should start looking at housing options in Helsinki...
Actually that's the headline from Agence France-Presse.

"It's easy to spot the bloglets and the idiots who comment on them."

Tell me you don't see yourself among them.  And it's not special interest sites that solely employ this language - it is pervasive.

You raise a good point about Digg being infused with bad information.  Yet you yourself are part of that same contingent that rails against people based on partisan beliefs. How do you reconcile the two opposing views?

I dugg your comment up, for the record.  I only hope that you can turn some of that analysis inward and maybe consider your own small culpability in the degradation of Digg.
Sweetie.  My comment was non-specific and made in general.  You decided to make it personally about me... so I'll answer.

I do NOT own any site that I write for and submit to Digg.

I have made no secret of my political affiliation.  I have said that I am GOP.  I'm not one of the folks here saying, "I really don't identify with one side or the other, but, OMG the GOP is anti-woman and only for the rich and they want pollution and poverty on purpose!"

You don't have room to talk about railing because I looked at your comment history.  I'm railed AT far more than I "rail".

Everyone could stand to take a look at their comments in order to make Digg a better site.
Women know who their friends are and who is in favor of State Rape of those sluts.

Percent of Funds	Number of Contributors	Democrats
Female	44.3%	38280	$35,340,102

Percent of Funds	Number of Contributors	Republicans
Female	30.6%	13503	$22,169,04

Notice the 3 to 1 ratio.
"You decided to make it personally about me"

I chose to point out the hint of hypocrisy inherent in your non-specific comment.

I can assure you that my own personal ire is directed towards comments I find stupid and/or inaccurate.  My disdain for the GOP leadership is quite justified by their actions.  I rail against them because their actions and words demand it - and for no other reason.  If my rants against the Democrats are rare - it is only because they aren't so brazen in their idiocy.

However, I do not support a political agenda and I am DECIDEDLY non-partisan, Sugar.  I am the member of NO political party and I vote for the candidates I find to be most relevant - not because of their flag or affiliations.  That is what gives me "room to talk", as it were.

"Everyone could stand to take a look at their comments in order to make Digg a better site."  I know it's difficult, but instead of deflection, you might actually consider your own commitment to a political party that is actively undermining the running of our government - and the group here on Digg defending them.
Thank you for admitting your bias.

As I said, I am GOP.

You are basically trying to take a standpoint of moral superiority while telling me that you like to rail against the GOP and that I haven't adequately examined my political beliefs if I don't share yours.

In short ... your comment here show that you have no room to talk.  It seems you wanted to pick a fight.

I'm not in the mood.

I DO share your sentiment that rhetoric here and in the media is inflamed.

Good day, sir.
obama is hurting women just as much as he is hurting blacks, hispanics, young people, and actually almost everyone else; all the while he is living like a third world dictator, as the rest of us eat cake.  Everyone complains about the GSA parties when they are minor compared to the lavish life style of obama and family.  He is laughing at us America. the jerk
You lie.   You can't fool me, I see it in your eyes, as the old song says.  Is that you Barry?
dang well said.
If the entire country goes down the tubes... it won't matter if you're gay, female, black, liberal, Christian, American Indian.... it won't matter WHAT you are.
thats what that whole contraception thing was a about and now the whole resurgence of abortion.
There's much more to health issues than that.
"thats what that whole contraception thing was a about"
Exactly. Democrats wanted more regulations and government restrictions. (Example: All of Obamacare.)
"offer to everyone" isnt a restriction. what the Right and the church was for, was restriction.
I'll make this simple, and use small words.
Freedom is NOT forcing people to do what you want.
Obamacare FORCES people to do what the government wants.

Do you understand?
so then what do you call the right and the church forcing people to not do what they dont like?

sounds a little similar, except one is making available to everyone and the other is restricting and stopping people from doing things.

only one of those allows people to choose what they want and only one of them forces people to not do what someone else doesnt want.

one is a restriction and the other is giving people a choice.
