Ah--the Curse of the Fine Print raises its ugly head.
At least you can see the fine print
Nice idea to getting tip.
Really tempting !
huge commercial board don't really seem very Irish pub to me
lol nice advertise :D . I will use the Technic for sure!
You really don't need the fine print to realize this. It's the same thing when you go to a club and the stripper is "hitting" on you...
Thar be women here!
I come back to Digg after 2 years to see if it's gotten any better; and here I find they're still stealing from Reddit.
well this is true about woman and they want you to pay for
1. pay for rent or mortgage(full or portion of the house will be hers in case of divorce) 
2. pay for her credit card bills 
3. pay for her medical bills 
4. pay for her dental bills 
5. pay for the gas she puts in her car 
6. pay for her car 
7. pay for her car repairs 
8. pay for childbirth 
9. pay for childs clothes. 
10. pay for her groceries 
11. pay for her shoes 
12. pay for her clothes 
13. pay for furniture 
14. pay phone bill, gas bill, electric bill, water bill 
14. pay for her traffic citations 
15. pay for gifts she buys for her own family 
17. pay for her school loans 
18. pay for girlie things like new carpet, designer minibilinds, wall paper, new paint, plants, decorations etc...... 
welcome to her definition of equal rights.
Selling the sizzle, and not the steak
And they know if they touch you, you'll tip even better.  Or they THINK you will (I don't like being touched, and tip LESS if they do).  I also tip less if called "Honey" or "Sweetie".  And no matter how hot they are - if the service sucks, no tip.  Period.
Wait, how is having new carpeting, wallpaper, plants, and decorations 'girlie'?
And understand it. As opposed to, say, the fine print on a loan application.
but I thought your mom really like me????
i can't imagine why someone would want 180 pound of irish body fat flirting with them
My mom's been dead for several years...but I guess you're into that kind of thing.
Good one! Have a look!
Good one! Have a look!
Well I guess the man should take the lead role and be in charge and that includes paying for EVERYTHING .
