about time
all these corporations 'back away' AFTER the lobbyists were paid for years, the laws written by people the corps paid to write the laws, bribes paid to the right politicans.

  Then they back away and say whatever they want.  All these laws should have the corporations names attached to them forever.
As a Business Owner I take great steps in providing security and copyright laws to my customers and clients. I am "on the fence" with the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act. To hell with the lobbyists and politicians, cyber crime is big business, If they (the government or hackers) want your information, they will find a way.
hmmm...thinking of ........
Or the corporations, let's not forget them.  Doubleclick, Facebook Connect, GetSatisfaction, Google +1, Google Analytics, Scorecard Research Beacon, and Twitter button.  Trackers on this very page alone as I type.
Bravo to Microsoft, they are in the forefront of the political approach that this administration supports and see's as a viable solution to the matters of privacy within the structure of central governance !
urp
plus one
Ever thought about competition on the internet? Hackers, phishers, and virus thugs can be bought. No different than back in the old days when alcohol was illegal in this state and bar owners close to town but across the borders used to KILL their competitors who took their customers.
this from a company whose software is so full of holes it makes a porn star look like a virgin . They got what they wanted  though funny that they " backed away " when windows 8 is coming out .
Every single listed tracking bug posted above, I've searched and found to be corporations embedded in this page you are currently reading.

They're already tracking you.  Isn't it kind of a downer?  CISPA ( Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act) lets the government do what corporations are already doing quasi legally.

Ghost the mutherfuckers.  http://www.ghostery.com/

And by that I mean yourself.  It's free and I trust it.  You are having your data collected by being here.  Srsly, put the condom on bro unless you think it's a good thing to not have one.  Remember, only corporations are doing the monitoring so far.
Personally I feel that if a corporation donates to a lobbyist/politician that supports (and gets passed) a law that is deemed to be unconstitutional that every single shareholder shall pay back the entire sum of the legal proceedings, donations, and a massive fine back to the taxpayers. Maybe we need to knock down that corporate shield of non-liability that shareholders enjoy. Start making shareholders personally responsible and I betcha that corporations will quit donating to campaigns on their own.
from Reddit:
This is the same pattern as SOPA. Microsoft supported SOPA (which is the house version of the PROTECT IP act, which they still support) for a month until it started to get bad press. Then they changed their position to "it needs more work". They never said they opposed it.
The person who interpreted that as "opposition" was... Declan McCullagh of CNet! The very same guy who is now trying to give the impression that Microsoft no longer supports CISPA. But lets have a look at what Microsoft has said:
Microsoft has previously stated support for efforts to improve cyber security, and sharing threat information is an important component of those efforts. Improvements to the way this information is shared would help companies better protect customers, and online services in the United States and around the world from criminal attack. Microsoft believes that any proposed legislation should facilitate the voluntary sharing of cyber threat information in a manner that allows us to honor the privacy and security promises we make to our customers.
Legislation passed by the House of Representatives yesterday is a first step in this legislative process. Since November, there has been active, constructive dialogue to identify and address concerns about the House bill, and several important changes were incorporated. We look forward to continuing to work with members of Congress, consumer groups, the civil liberties community and industry colleagues as the debate moves to the Senate to ensure the final legislation helps to tackle the real threat of cybercrime while protecting consumer privacy.
That's just PR spin. Of course, just like McCullagh's SOPA article, this one is going to get promoted everywhere to give the impression that Microsoft oppose the legislation, when in actual fact they support it.

http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/swdtn/microsoft_backs_away_from_cispa_support_citing/
http://www.usofts.com/wordpress-website-4/
Reads like a post-disaster press release.

Good job.
I can see you have read more than a few of them closely, and paid them more attention than most people.  :-)
"Voluntarily sharing" is corporate code speak for "selling under the table for huge profit".
