Apple: "No, it's everyone else's fault."
I don't understand fanboys who use Apple failures as a soapbox to attack Microsoft. The article was about Apple being slow for updates, has no automatic update capability, abandons any user who doesn't have the latest OS, and generally has non-transparent communications with everyone.
I agree.. Most viruses on Microsoft computers are by user error. Apple has to grow with the times if it wants to keep getting more users. Viruses are a fact of computer life. The more units you have in the world, the better your chances of having these security threats. Microsoft is very good at catching these threats in a timely manner because they are experienced in receiving them. Apple takes a back seat because they " Don't Get Viruses" Which is so untrue. Apple just needs to admit that viruses are a possibility. But that would tarnish their image. People have been duped into thinking they are safer with a mac, but it simply isn't true anymore..
I've been saying this for years about apple -- they're basically in windows95 era when it comes to security.  there are soo many bugs and exploits just waiting to be found.  at this point, apple will pretty much need to redesign its entire OS from scratch in order to have any hope of preventing the wave of malicious software coming its way.
Hey dummy! Microsoft has most of the viruses because MOST of the world uses it.  Why would a hacker go after crappy Apple at 5% when you can go after 90% of the market.
Steve jobs died trying to protect OS X from viruses.
there are noooo virus's for osx!

sure there maybe malware, spyware, addware, virus's, trojans, backdoors, virus's, insecure programs &  unsecure programs

but not virus's! :P
Ohhh look look, if it isn't johnnysoftware. Didn' t have time to read your long crap. But if you want a virus free OS, better develop it by yourself.
Nobody panic, this is not a problem...

You're just holding your mouse wrong.
I'm so glad people are finally starting to wake up to this. I've been saying for well over a decade that Mac's "superior security" was an absolute myth. The only "advantage" that Mac ever offered was that it had such a small market share, it was so unpopular, that it just wasn't worth hackers and virus makers wasting their time on it. Now that Apple has become the most profitable company on the planet, the free ride they've been getting via people's own ignorance is finally slowing down.

Apple wanted to supplant Microsoft? Well, they've got a long way to go as far as the desktop/laptop market is concerned, but they've clearly put on their big-boy pants; so it's time to start dealing with big-boy problems. Welcome to the show, Apple.
Apple exhibits a growing contempt for it's customers. This does not bode well for the brand.

For decades Apple computers were not a lucrative target for malware authors.

That has changed as Apple's market share, of computers, phones and pads has increased.

One of the selling points of Apple devices has been their relative freedom from security threats. Apple can no longer ignore the threats which are growing rapidly.

First it needs to provide timely security updates. Second it has to provide security updates for older systems, not just the two latest. Most folks never upgrade their system after purchase and there are LOTS of folks still running Tiger (!0.4) and Leopard (10.5).
