If you can't do the time, don't do the crime...
What crime? Peacefully protesting tuition hikes isn't a crime. It's a constitutionally guaranteed right.
Perhaps not, but you have to consider the First Amendment guarantee of freedom of assembly. Was this even a crime? If so, should it be?
FTA: 

" If the world were watching, surely we would ask why these peaceful protesters could be sentenced to 11 years in prison, which, for the sake of comparison, is the maximum penalty for voluntary manslaughter in the state of California.  It bears repeating: students and faculty who put their educations, careers, families as well as their own bodies on the line to defend the accessibility of public education for all, now stand to serve the same sentence as a felon who has killed another human being. "

Keep in mind that this protest was peaceful. No one was hurt, or even threatened. The cited reason is "obstructing movement in a public place" which is complete bullshit. How can anyone be expected to perform a peaceful protest or demonstration without taking up any space? We're seeing our right to peaceably assemble melt away right in front of us.
20 counts each of obstructing movement in a public place, and one count of conspiracy.
Funny how you guys always forget the word "peaceable" when you mention freedom of assembly...
Those are bullshit charges and you know it. 

"obstructing movement in a public place"? Really? Are we the people expected to have peaceful protests that don't take up any space now? How is it possible to NOT break this law when doing a protest?
This was peaceable. No one was hurt, or even threatened. Martin Luther King's civil disobedience looks violent when compared to this.
Perhaps you could take a lesson from the tea party gatherings... Thousands peaceably assembling and no arrests...
alternet embarrasses themselves again
http://youtu.be/uuTqJd8dWY4?hd=1
I omitted it for brevity, not because it was unimportant. Resorting to violence is always a risk, and this goes for both students and police.

This story, however, makes no mention of the protest being anything other the peaceful. Hence my question on how far we want to go criminalizing peaceful protests in the name of maintaining order.

(On an unrelated note, what do you mean by "you guys"? I try rather hard to avoid adhering to the views of any particular group.)
The difference is that the Tea Party is no threat to corporate and big money interests. Tea Partiers fancy themselves as such a threat but the power elite know they can control these people simply by pushing the Guns, God, Immigration, Taxes and Abortion buttons.

Trying to keep banking out of education? Now that's a threat that must be squashed.
if you keep trying to talk, you might accidentally bite the republicans cock in your mouth.

hasn't anybody taught you not to speak with your mouth full?
another previously banned moron opens a new account to embarrass himself one again.

keep on astroturfing genius. we still dont care.
"Trying to keep banking out of education? Now that's a threat that must be squashed." Dear GOD! those evil banks are enabling millions to get an education. I'm glad you're helping put an end to this.

I have several complaints about how banking is done but using the funding to get an education is not one of them.
Isn't that weird though? Because everyone there was technically "obstructing movement in a public place" too. Why weren't there arrests at the Tea Party rallies if both groups of protesters were doing the same thing? 16x9 is right when he says that they are an easily controllable crowd that significantly overestimates the threat they pose to institutions.
@minimumeffort

Banks play a big part in education via assistance with loans and whatnot, but in the context of the article here, bank intervention is the last thing the students need. But these tuition hikes are the result and product of the complex shuffling of funding and management that nets the bank and the campus executive faculty more money from the students...without providing anything additional in return. This particular action, as described in the article, is entirely unnecessary and will only hinder the ability of American students trying to get a higher education.
They were charged with 20 counts each of obstructing movement in a public place, and one count of conspiracy... There's no need to hamper other people going about their business to try and make a point, and in fact it's illegal...

I mention peaceable here only because so many diggerals used right to assemble to justify violence and destruction of property by ows...
This is like back 50 years where states like Georgia made 'not having a job' or 'walking next to railroad tracks' a felony with 20 years hard labor to get prisoners for their slave chain gangs.
Local laws like regulating 'how tall your grass can be" or "it's a crime to block a sidewalk or store door" are the most restrictive to personal freedom of all.

  Hope the Federal gov. will step in and save Americans from the local-goon squads. Otherwise it will be like back 30 years ago...States and locals enslaving Americans in  'for-profit' prisons.
fool, next time you're late to pick-up a rx for a sick child and you knock on the store door and ask please I need this medicine... and they decide they don't like you rapping on the door..don't cry when they have you arrested for the same stupid 'local law'
312 percent increase in fees in 10 years..someone is profiting HUGE off Americas' students.

Suggest people, students and teachers, look into foreign schools, even places like Iceland have wonderfull universities, a lot less expensive.
The tea party folks paid for permits which covered police overtime, and posted a bond to cover any property damage... In other words, they paid their own way...
Oh so they're for big government, then?
You do realize that garbage charges like those are a direct attack to the right to peaceable assembly, no matter what your political affiliation may be? OH RIGHT! You're just a troll! HAAAAAAH! Why am I feeding you?
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
If you want to advertise here, fucking PAY FOR IT.

Now take your PORN and shove it up your ass.
Oh, the world is watching. Watching and laughing.
Why not point out the inaccuracies instead of sounding like a moron.
I thought I was the only one telling these trolls off. It doesn't help but it does feel good.
You?
when you are trolling?
