SOLIDARITY from Denver
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=0w6MU4MyzoY

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/04/27/may-day-denver-occupy-den_n_1458863.html
"Striking back" suggests violence.  Occupy should learn how to properly protest and do it peacefully.

Enough with the riots.  Enough with the violence.  Enough with climbing up on the rooftops of banks, harassment and tormenting the public with road blocks and so forth...

If this movement cannot protest lawfully, expect that they will be struck upon by law enforcement while Occupy is *striking back*.
"Striking back" suggests violence." 

Only for a violent person, such as yourself.

Source, your words: http://i.imgur.com/CWbWt.jpg

It's called: a (say it with me now) a play on words.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO -play!
That is exactly the point. The difference between violence and play for never is an occupation violent and we do play.
it is only when violence is thrust upon us that the propaganda spins to attack OCCUPY
You know alanocu really doesn't mean that.  He wants someone else to do it for him.
Amazing new Social Bookmarking Community builds Backlinks while you Sleep! http://socialadr.com/now/?a=772275
Great, will drive Indies to Romney!
Yeah let me know how all that works out when most people just treat it like another day
Let's see if anyone notices this "strike."
please oh please shut down these cities, cost the taxpayers millions, and snarl the daily commute for the grizzly moms, oh plz do this whiny rich kids who have been given everything and now complain about their house note size debt for getting a degree in why work is actually exploitation.
It will be interesting to see how the usual suspects will react when it doesn't work out like they pray it will.
occupy is the unwittingly useful idiot.
I, for one, have no fear of Alanocu and his threats. He's a fucking coward and wouldn't come face-to-face with ANYONE on Digg to carry it out.

But go ahead, Alanocu, I dare you to carry out your own threat. Lemme know when you get to Indiana, alright pumpkin?
YOU mean these idiots are not going to work for the whole day? Who will deliver my pizzas and collect welfare?
Never is an occupation violent?  Are you really that stupid?
No one will. No one has paid attention to them since the third day last year.
But what WILL you say, dumb cunt, when no one notices? Will you have the integrity to admit how fucking stupid you are?
It actually reminds me when the wackos on the other end of the spectrum threatened to 'go Galt' a couple years ago as the Tea Party was rising. Hell, maybe they did, but nobody missed them for a moment.
solidarity? A bunch of losers joining in on something no one will notice is not really solidarity. It is just a bunch of losers copying each other in their worthlessness.
How do "the unemployed" go on strike? :-/
First I've heard of it.
You little liberal babies are quite the tough bunch behind your keyboards.
Won't make a difference really.  Occupy leftists typically don't have jobs and live off someone else, usually the taxpayer.
""Striking back" suggests violence." - I hadn't thought of it but that might explain why the protesters are being beaten and pepper-sprayed. Thank you for the suggestion.
Nobody will remember occupy in 10 years.
and the same could be said for you david too bad everyone sees you as more of a dick or a closet liberal. Rather then a tough guy. Your comments show extreme lack of intelligence when they are nothing but childish insults directed towards liberals just because they think differently then you. This is America after all we do have the freedom to think how we want. People like you david are the reason this country is screwed up.
So that's what that meant.  LOL!!!  I kept seeing that "Who is John Galt" at the Tea Party gatherings here and had no idea what it meant.  Too funny.  

Yeah this is the same kind of wishful thinking.
Just so I am on the right page. Would that make stevanoski an unwittingly useless person?
that was my first thought.
I'm sorry...I haven't advocated for the hunting down and murdering of Republicans as Alanocu has done for Democrats.

Perhaps your comment needs to be directed at his ass, you fucking nitwit.
AHAAAAA! That's rich coming from you!
Is "When no one notices" the new catchphrase? Is that what Fox has programmed this time around?
I'll make sure to have a middle finger waiting for the solidarity crowd in Seattle, along with the international socialist organization, socialists workers.net and the various unions and collectivists that seem to accompany this mentality
Except...they've already collected artifacts for museums and there are some classes taught in college on the subject so I beg to differ.
I've also noticed lately a strong upheaval on the lower class by some higher ups.  Some reports on people getting citations or fines on traffic cases that are over 10-11 years old, but since some don't keep receipts that far back are having to go through a due process all over again.  The system has been fucking itself since around the Vietnam era.  We could be so much further ahead, But people in the system want to play high school games in what should have been a mature system, but isn't !  It's way too immature of a system, apparently!
Who is striking on this day?  Certainly not responsible working Americans.
classes taught in college on the subject

"How to properly take a crap on a police cruiser 102" (Prerequisite: The Art of not Bathing 101)
Their version of "economic justice" involves taking money from people who have earned it and giving it to those who didn't.
ManOrti knows true worthlessness.  Having had and lost thousands of digg accounts and still coming back with more.  Certainly the true meaning of worthless.  Get a job and move out of your grandma's basement.  She's tired of your freeloading.
The more whining, kvetching and hostile barbs thrown, the more it shows we are doing what we need to be doing. The little narcissists are scared that the delusion is crashing around their knees (along with their pants). The continued acts of carrying water for the corrupt owners of their neo-conned butts isn't really going to get them a membership jacket.

#M1GS
SOLIDARITY!
Ha, membership jacket? I'll worry about myself, you can worry about the mentality of rabid pack animals who's identities are tied up in group dynamics who think the pursuit of individuals is to involve themselves as member of some club, group, team, etc. 

"When will the world learn that a million men are of no importance compared with one man" -Henry David Thoreau
being you (Oh noI didn't)
