"No one knows about that day or hour, not even the angels in heaven, nor the Son, but only the Father." Mark 13:32 NIV. If Jesus said that no one would ever know when "apocalypse" would happen, why do people still try to predict this stuff?
The dream vs the reality:

http://gristleoflife.wordpress.com/2010/03/23/jesus-is-coming-look-busy/
As a former Christian now Deist, not all of them are "obsessed".  And as a footnote, try to stop placing everyone who calls themselves a certain thing (christian, democrat, republican) into one big group.  Just because one person, who happens to call themselves something, does something you disagree with or deem stupid, doesn't make every single one of them that way.
Wow, that article was so uninformed and biased that I had to say something.  First of all, the author's biblical references assume a literal translation and reading of what was said and totally missing the intent of what was said.  For instance, the author uses Mark 9:1: "And he said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That there be some of them that stand here, which shall not taste of death, till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power."  He tries to assert that this didn't happen or that Jesus was referring to his second coming when, in fact, Jesus could have easily been referring to his death, resurrection, and later meetings with the disciples (see Mark 16:9-20).

While there have certainly been those that claimed to be Christian and followers of Christ that have attempted to predict Christ's return, Jesus himself made it very clear that not even he knows the hour or minute of his return, but that it will happen like a thief in the night, and so I have always told others to never believe any man who tries tell you an exact time or day.

The point of this expectation of his return isn't, as the author suggests: "But the worst consequence of apocalypse belief isn't the waste, nor is it the fear. It's the insidious attitude that since God is coming soon to destroy the world entirely, it doesn't matter what we do to it in the meantime."  The point of it all is that we should live each day as if it may be the last and never waste the time we are given.  As a Christian I have a purpose in this world: to share the same love and grace that God has given me and shown me through Christ with others, that in doing so they may escape the eternity that currently awaits them and live as we were all meant to: with God in heaven for all eternity.

Additionally to that, it's not that we shouldn't do something about climate change, it's the recognition that this world belongs to God, he created it and ultimately nothing will happen in this world or to this world that he doesn't want to happen or that he is not in control of.
But its also given in the Bible,the signs of Christ's Second coming...pls read 2 Timothy 3:1-4 KJV( This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.For men shall be lovers of their own selves,covetous,boasters,proud,blasphemers,disobedient to parents,unthankful,unholy,without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers,incontinent,fierce,despisers of those that are good,traitors,heady,highminded,lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;)--these are all happening now...we are indeed in the last days but again the exact date we dont know...
You are saying that Timothy 3:1-4 KJV describes 2000+ AD and not 30 BC or 500 BC or 1500 BC and so on? That's a heavily blanketed statement that is meant to instill fear into people at any given time.

How about we start concerning ourselves with legitimate and easily foreseeable catastrophic events rather than using some uncontrollable and random event as a way of, again, blanketing what really matters.
There are definitely signs and they are getting progressively worse, but to try to predict the EXACT day is completely unfounded. I agree with you, but at the same time people naming certain dates and years are going against scripture.
A well written article of how when faith and reason are out of balance and how that can affect earthly life. Zealots, please feel free to come off your high horse, this article in no way claims that all Christians are end-time nut bags. Just like not all Christians have 64 children and not all Muslims are bomb toting maniacs.
Reagan was a stanch believer in this nonsense and the republicans still pride themselves on their belief in bullshit. Bush said he was hearing the voice of god telling him what to do, yeah, like he needed a voice from god to avenge his pathetic father or do as chainey and the oil companies demanded. still I'd think having your leader believing in such stuff as bible prophecies and giving them the weapons and shit to make it possible is a dangerous practice. be nice to have a sane leader for once who wasn't a front man for the corps who use every means including religion to control the people.Hey wasn't jesus alluding to an immanent end of the world as well. It's amazing we haven't blown ourselves up yet. Odd these failed ends of the world haven't effected anyone's belief in this ridiculous stuff. .
The fuck? Where did my comments go, faggots?
