Sorry phone...love you, but i will not give up my PC.
I can see the phone replace the pc for those that only use a pc to browse the web and send email but for those of us who actually work with computers cell phones and tablets will always be just toys to play with, nothing more...
Phones and tablets won't be most people's "primary device" for several years to come.  I use my iPhone and iPad for lots of tasks, but I'm not ready to give up my computer yet.  I considered replacing my kids' MacBooks with iPads, but they just don't have enough functionality yet.  I think that will change for many/most people within five years.
That was uninformed Apple advertisement.
why do people write stupid articles like this...
No they aren't. They are supplementing. Not replacing. No one is doing any ACTUAL work on their phones.
Umm, no.  I still come home and turn on my computer because it's way frackin better than using a phone.
I know you are always whiny, but even you can't be so dumb to claim the no actual work is being done on phones.  Only a career fry guy would say anything like that.idiotic.
Calling SmartPhones cellphones is like calling desktop computers calculators.  Plus SmartPhones and Tablets can't replace laptops or desktops.  Smartphones are toys while PC's (Laptops & Desktops running OSX/Windows/Linux) are real computers used to do real work.
IMO mobile phones will become Personal/Portable Identification Devices.These PIDs will negotiate our personal presence in the digital world. The phone aspect will become a minor feature.

They will negotiate payment at retail stores and online.
They will function as security tokens for gaining access to secured premises (passports even).
They will negotiate wireless access to communal resources (such as displays for presentations or public computers.)
They will hold public/private keys to act as "blackbox" security devices to secure communications without allowing 3rd party applications or OSes the chance of access to these keys.
The will negotiate processing resources with other devices. A process intensive application like 3D rendering would be managed under by your personal identity devices but frames passed off to cloud services where the heavy metal sits.

Portable devices have the distinct advantage that they can provide physical presence. This is not something available to potentially billions of people trying to breach your identity over the Internet. Something that will (again - like door locks) become increasingly valuable as online hacking increases in sophistication.
I have a smart phone and I still use my PC.
Even doing something as simple as browsing ebay is a lot easier on a PC then a phone.
Or writing code which I would not even want to consider doing on a phone.

A smart phone is a complement not a replacement.
Sure.
