This is the book being published that started a war against 'dumbing-down' of people by false prophets.
Like the catholics there are old tribes who used to eat their dead enemies' brains and some who ate their hearts to get their enemies' power and strenghs, I see no difference in those today who eat Jesus and drink his blood. Sacrifice STOPPED when the Pharisee's temple was torn down. The veil of lies were ripped.
Isn't it interesting that this was preceded by a Catholic bible by two years...
So you don't follow Jesus when he said this is my body... this is my blood...

By the way, the sacrifice must be eaten to be valid.
Aaaaannnnnnnnnd THAT'S gross!

So let's see if i got this straight... Eating shellfish, pigs, and rabbits etc. is forbidden, but chewing on the flesh of "Jesus" and drinking is ok? And this is LITERAL, not symbolic!

Q. "What do you get when you cross a zombie with a vampire?"
A. "A Catholic"
@anglosaxongal and @murrayc1968

Where in the bible does it say sacrifice 'stopped'? Is not Christ's sacrifice for all the sins of mankind? People are still born; people still sin. Catholics do not 'kill Jesus' again-we merely re present his sacrifice in an unbloody manner. He told us "This is my body" Paul said "do not eat with those who do not believe that the bread we eat is the body of our lord" Do you call both Paul and Jesus, the second person of the most Holy trinity(where's that word in the bible) liars?

Jesus said 'verily verily I say to you unless you each the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood you have not life within you." The phrases began to try to arrest him when they heard this and he had to leave. They understood that he meant his body-but they thought his accidental flesh. Christ repeated this during the last supper when he proclaimed that the bread and wine were his flesh and blood. Catholics do not believe they are eating skin cells and blood cells. We believe that we are eating christ's body and blood, soul and divinity under the accidents of bread and wine. The accidents(physical substance) does not change, but the substance (what it really is) changes.

You may disagree, but the people who compiled the bible following the council of Nicaea believed this, as do the Eastern Orthodox. It's okay for you to disagree-but you show contempt for billions who have gone before you, slandering their name, and disregarding the rich history of Christ's bride on earth. How come you only target Catholics? some Anglicans still have apostolic succession and believe this, as do some lutherans. And as I said earlier, Eastern and Oriental Orthodoxy also have apostolic succession and believe in the sacrament of the Eucharist.

I believe that you are willfully choosing to despise the catholic church for some reason or another-this saddens me. Like you must feel, I feel my faith is my heritage. I am a Catholic before I am an American. Sadly, Many of our Protestant brothers and sisters have been formed to have extreme anti-catholicism views, and thus feel contempt for Holy Mother Church. Why is it that anti-catholics refuse to dialogue, and only throw slanderous remarks like the one you made? 

Honestly. Give me reasons why the Eucharist is not the body and blood, soul and divinity of Jesus Christ. Scripture. Theology. Tradition. Give me something. If you cannot, let it be. you know nothing of what you speak of otherwise.

P.S. We can eat shellfish pigs and rabbits. We are Catholics. Not Jews. Way to be informed. I love me some good bacon and eggs.
I was married to a catholic and know them too well. Supernatural things that happen horribly is NOT about MY GOD. Except he allowed that to happen to teach me about the bad side. He certainly forbid me to join YOUR church corporations. Your vatican gov. has a huge house of secrets. Would YOU trust anyone who keeps so many secrets? Get thee behind me satan.
You think Jesus must be sacrificed over and over, and over AGAIN? GOD forbid! It only took ONE TIME.
"supernatural things that happen horribly" such as??? 

"the bad side" 

Honestly I have no idea if I should be taking you seriously. You refuse to dialogue intellectually, avoid any actual point that I bring up and cite with scripture and tradition, just to provide antecodal evidence of how 'bad' the Vatican is. You don't even say what it is that is bad. 

Would I trust someone who keeps so many secrets? Yeah. I trust the Lord. I have no idea how he can physically impregnate a virgin without intercourse, be three people in one divine being, and come up with the laws of physics. But he did. It's a mystery, but he made it happen. I trust him.

I'm sorry that your experience with Catholics was not the best- that pains my heart. All I can say is that since 1969, the church has been fighting the demons of modernism. She is only now finally killing that demon and it's near-heretical mass in English, hippy go happy attitude. This modernism fake Catholicism is what you likely knew. The true church lies in the piety, reverence, and mystery of the traditional Latin mass, which has been preserved by few and is resurging in the faith. 

Again- I'm sorry your experience with Catholics has not been kind. I'm going to pray for you. Honestly. But realize that people make mistakes-even people who have holy aspirations or positions. We need to trust in Christ through his bride-the church. If we keep fighting amongst ourselves, we'll only break his heart even more. Our lord wants us united in him and with him-not divided.
No I don't think that Jesus is sacrificed over and over again, and neither does the Catholic Church.

At the Mass we re-present the eternal sacrifice of Jesus and are present at the foot of the cross.

Additionally, as usual, you didn't actually respond to my questions.  You didn't comment on Jesus saying this is my body, this is my blood.  Nor did you address that God demanded that the Jews eat the sacrifice for it to be valid.  Jesus himself noted that, "if you do not eat my body and drink my blood you have no life in you."

So he tells his apostles that they must eat and drink, and then he shows them what is his body and what is his blood.
Murray, if you are going to debate you should at least learn the material.  It was shown to Peter that the injunction against forbidden foods was lifted.

You're being a very good little follower of Dawkins.
Hmmm... I thought for a while you might be a TLM attendee.  You always argue well for orthodoxy.  I will admit that I'm a NO attendee, but I do try to attend a TLM a couple times a year.  I feel that I should be comfortable with the Mass in both forms.  I do get lost sometimes in the TLM just because one cannot hear the priest well.  

Those who attend the TLM certainly are more orthodox in their attitudes, but there are those of us who are working in the NO parishes to help steer people to orthodoxy.

As for Anglosaxongal, she seems to have a conspiracy attitude toward the Vatican even though she won't actually point out specifics about anything.  As for secrecy, I don't think that any religion has laid out as clearly exactly what it believes as the Catholic Church.  I could understand some of the ease of spread of misinformation before, but with the internet you are literally seconds away from being able to verify anything claimed about the Church.  She chooses to believe what she wants to believe, than what the Church actually is and what it actually teaches.
So it's all bread and fish. Right? Do you remember when Jesus multiplied the three into such a mountain of food he feed the whole crowd following him? Do you remember he talked in parables to have people understand what he was talking about? Do you understand what a metaphor is? Do you have ANY respect for MY religious beliefs and the GOD I worship? Are you calling me stupid for rejecting what I see about and the why of YOUR church? And you are representing the catholic church. And before you answer just remember: Everything people say, do, and/or think is written in the book of life. ALL people.
I actually belong to an Ordinary Form/NO Parish-I teach 4th grade PSR there, and am a newman student there.I don't have a problem with the ligurgy itself-merely the rampant abuses that sadly seem to happen quite often.The TLM is lucky to have people who recognize these abuses, and want to clebrate a liturgy that is as by the book as reverant as possible.

I'm fortunate enough to be about an hour from St. Louis MO, and am able to go to church at St. Francis De Sales Oratory, which is under the keep of the Institute of Christ the King Soverign Priest. They have a beautiful TLM liturgy. I am also able to attend a Novus Ordo mass that is in latin, with gregorian propers and the priest facing the tabernacle. St. Louis is such a rich city!!!

In addition, we have a number of Eastern Catholic Churches, from the Maronites and the Byzantine Catholics, to even Easter Orthodox Coptics, its a vibrant place for both Orthodoxy and Catholicism. 

I agree with you as far as Anglosaxongal goes-I dated a Jehovah's Witness for a while, and while she was keen on converting, her family had all sorts of conspiracy theories against the church. It wsa a similar reaction that many of my non denominational friends have. It's funny...they invite me to their church and I'll attend and be respectful, courteous, but they refuse to step one foot into a Catholic Church. It's sad, the fear they have.
I don't care what you think if you live in America. If you think you're doing all your own talking you lost your mind long ago. Respect you don't get when you give none from the beginning. And you sure don't get any from GOD. I suggest you read the whole passage of Romans 2.
Romans 2:11

 11For there is no respect of persons with God.
I suspect you have no respect for GOD.
Oh... WELL THEN... That makes perfect sense. [rolls eyes]

Look, is the bible the "word of 'God' " or ISN'T it?  Why do apologists like yourself are always allowed to pick-and-choose what is truly the word of "god" and what isn't? 

Let's recap shall we?

-Don't eat certain animals [REPUDIATED]
-Kill a bride who isn't a virgin [REPUDIATED]
-Own slaves [REPUDIATED]
-Forbidden to cut hair [REPUDIATED]
-Don't mix different fabrics [REPUDIATED]
-Sell your daughter in servitude [REPUDIATED]
-Force a woman to marry her rapist [REPUDIATED]
-Kill adulterers [REPUDIATED]
-Don't get a tattoo [REPUDIATED]
-Kill disobedient children [REPUDIATED]
-Kill all non-christians [REPUDIATED]
-Kill all blasphemers [REPUDIATED]
-Kill a woman who accidentally grabs her husband by the balls [REPUDIATED]
-Don't work on the Sabbath [REPUDIATED]
-Sacrifice children JUST to please "god" [REPUDIATED]
-Unbaptized babies are in limbo [REPUDIATED]

And on and on it goes....  Now, obviously, repudiating such acts is a GOOD THING (at least, I hope it's obvious to you).  So, having said that, why do people [like you] continue to follow such clap-trap as presented in the bible?  

The last outstanding thing to repudiate is the subject on killing homosexuals, and you know as well as I do it WILL be repudiated, so why not just cut-to-the-chase and cast aside your ignorant book of hate NOW?

You can dance around the subject all you want and make apologetic excuses, but at the end of the day, it's just a matter of time before EVERYBODY looks at the bible (or whatever "holy text") and says to themselves, "what a load of CRAP" 

There have been a few cases recently where Priests are abandoning the church because they have come to realize that religion is just plain BULLSHIT
"Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day... Teach a man to fish and he will eat for a lifetime... Give a man religion and he will die praying for a fish"
@anglo: Where have I shown a lack of respect?
Very well, I'm sure I've answered these before, but here we go.  First of all there were 3 types of Law in the old testament: moral, ceremonial, and judicial.

Thomas Aquinas taught that moral precepts are permanent, having held even before the Law was given, since they are part of the law of nature.  

Ceremonial precepts, which deal with forms of worshipping God and ritual cleanness; and judicial precepts came into existence only with the Law of Moses, and were only temporary. The ceremonial commands were "ordained to the Divine worship for that particular time and to the foreshadowing of Christ". Accordingly, upon the coming of Christ they ceased to bind.

The Judicial laws ceased to bind with the advent of Christ.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_views_on_the_old_covenant#Roman_Catholic

So we must put these items in proper context.  Those items that have a death penalty associated with them are almost exclusively moral precepts.  These identify sins that would be classified as mortal sins by the Church (vs venial sins).  These are sins that break our relationship with God.  As the ancient people understood the wages of sin to be death, the death penalty was to show how egregious the sin was.  After the advent of Christ and the sacrament of confession, the temporal punishment need not follow the spiritual reality.

So that actually answers the majority of the items on your list.  I'll pick out the a few at the end that don't fit in to this.

-Sacrifice children JUST to please "god"

I assume you are referring to Abraham.  It was the regular religious practice in the area to sacrifice your first born to the "gods" to appease them and bring bountiful harvests for your future children.  You will notice that God does not let Abraham sacrifice his own child, but institutes an animal sacrifice in his stead.  This was God bringing an end to child sacrifice.

-Don't work on the Sabbath

Actually you are still not supposed to work on the 
Sabbath unless you need to.  It is part of keeping the Sabbath holy.  The main object is for you to worship God on the Sabbath, thus work is permissible, but make sure you go to Mass.

-Unbaptized babies are in limbo

First of all limbo was a theological construct and not a revealed truth.  It is just that the theology behind it was so commonly agreed to that it seem to be a finalized church teaching.  As there has never been any evidence for or against it, it is still merely a theological construct.  There are those who think it is accurate and those who do not.

As what is morally wrong and thus sinful does not change, what was a sin is still a sin.

Yes some priests leave the priesthood.  So?  Are they infallible in their decision making process?  Some influential atheists convert, to me that is probably more amazing.
Jesus, geogeer, there was so much apologizing and dancing around in your reply that I thought Michael Jackson came back from the dead.
