<*sigh*>
Surface-to-air missiles for what? Shoot down a plane? Even if they do shoot something down the plane/object doesn't just magically evaporate, the peaces are just going to fall on someone else's house/building.
Nice!
As if I need another reason not to care about the olympics.
Well said lostgone!! Dont know what they are upto!
Pretty sure the missle would launch and take out whatever target is the threat before it gets near the games.  At the same time, its kind of concerning that this is even being planned.
Pretty sure the missle would launch and take out whatever target is the threat before it gets near the games.  At the same time, its kind of concerning that this is even being planned.
Paranoid Schizoids will rule the Earth. Join them or lose your sanity.
Utterly ridiculous. This is modern terrorism we are talking about. Even Al Qaeda have a PR department. The Olympic games are not a target. Attacking them would loose them support. I know it sounds bad but the World Trade Center was a centre for world trade and attacking it was attack the root of capitalism and to a lesser extent so were the bombings on commuters in the City of London.  I will confidently say there will be NO highly organised attack on London 2012. It's all just fear-mongering (for once).
Wow. The Olympics just keep getting more fun with each passing year, don't they?
./s
http://www.acmecleaningservice.com/
Hey there was a pipe bomb in atlanta 96, youre gonna need some security, just not sure about aa missles
You've got to laugh aint ya, surface to air missiles on a rooftop in the middle of London. That is closing the stable door after the horse has bolted. Same with everything in this country. It's all a bit to late, the main threat is already here and has been for years. How many terror suspects do we have in custody!! not enough. For everyone being held there are another 50 ready to take up the cause. The olymics has just made this country the easy target. Thanks for that.
Oh, I can just imagine how all this is going to play out.

1. Ground-to-air missile teams established on apartment blocks all over London.
2. Teams receive insufficient training, but lots of patriotic "go get 'em!" pep talks.
3. Confused surgeon from Edinburgh inadvertently flies his Cessna into restricted air space.
4. Excited missile team shoots down surgeon without bothering to ask for identification first.
5. Flaming Cessna crashes into back bedroom of Clarence House, taking out Prince of Wales.

Okay, so there's an upside. . . .
BIZZARRE!
Ha, my dad got "escorted" by some M-16s after getting off course during a storm along the coast of Texas. Not quite shot down, but in theory it sure could have happened.
Hey, just be glad the Texas Rangers don't have fighter jets. Perry would have personally ordered him shot down.
