international treaty isn't landing on an asteroid and bringing it back.
Treaties and laws are well and fine, but usually the rights go to the parties who PAY the most.  Lobbyists hand out shit loads of cash, and the politicians change the laws to let them do whatever they want.  It's the American way, what are you - a communist?

James Cameron made Titanic in a Mexican desert - and left all the building material, garbage and debris from the shoot there.  And walked away.  No clean up, no response to enviros bitching about the mess.  He's gonna grab that fucking asteroid - and to hell with anyone that says otherwise.  He's James Cameron - bitch.
In space, nobody can hear your red tape.
in Soviet Russia, asteroid lands on international treaty and brings it back.
Atari
Whoever gets there first and claims it.
I'm amazed that no one owns Antarctica.
no one owns them.. as for who WILL own them, who ever goes and gets them.
I don't think this is the kind of situation the treaty was designed to handle.  Obviously, we don't want nations going out and claiming new territory in space, that doesn't promote friendly relations, but we're talking about a private company here.  They're not claiming the asteroids in the name of the United States, they're simply mining their resources and it'd be damn foolish to try to ban the mining of natural resources.  And I mean, what if, say, an asteroid landed on Earth?  Would private corporations be banned from mining that, too?  I'm just saying - we're not talking about nations claiming territory here, and we're talking about an industry which, if successful, could change the world.  We'd be foolish to pass up that opportunity.

Actually, this gets me thinking.  What if, say, we set up a colony on Mars.  Would astronauts on that colony be barred from digging up Martian ice for the colony's use?  Seems to me that any colonization efforts will depend on the colonizing body's ability to extract and make use of local natural resources, so if this treaty bans mining, would this treaty also effectively ban any plans for colonization?
people always think of the u.s. or russia or china building colonies as extensions of their country.  i think most colonies are going to be independent.  then the countries colonies...  and then companies.  

i see all this break down pretty fast.  i'm not sure what the demands will be exactly but these colonies will have more in common with each other.  their needs will similar.  their survival dependent on each other.

whoever claims ownership of the colonies will have interests that are not in the interest of the colony.  they may deny aid or require actions...  mining or otherwise and i think it will be no time at all that colonies declare independence from whoever owns them.   

the first colonists will be on the moon.  its has light gravity.  my bet is that it won't be something that colonists want to live with forever.  they will need to build O'Neill colonies.  that will take resources.  resources their owners won't want to free up.  the colonies interests will be building land area for new colonists.
You can't take anything with you when you die.. so none of us own anything actually especially an asteroid
As far as I'm concerned, I think nations or individuals should be able to claim land on celestial bodies just by maintaining a human presence there.  Maybe use international maritime law for coastlines or something so ownership extends a certain distance from human settlements or operations.
Anyone who hasn't signed treaty prohibiting space based weapons!

If you can't defend it, you can't own it!
If they land on and mine an asteroid, we have every right to impotently bitch about it. Everyone wins!
I do. 
It's an easy out. All that is required is for the corporation to share scientific data it acquires during the harvesting.  "Mankind" makes out, the corporation is compensated for the effort. Case closed.
Quick!
Send someone out there to plant Flags!
Do the asteroids need an owner???
http://www.usofts.com/website-design-layout/
US corporations can go fuck themselves, Nobody 'owns' anything you die empty handed and your off spring scrambles for an illusion and so the delusion continues. You are fucking fish food from the beginning and nothing changes. Let's hope the meteor removes our arrogance once and for all for we do not deserve the stars. I don't want a 'human' kind spreading throughout the universe spreading our disease and stupidity.
This is a moot point..
They are not "claiming" it for the country. They are simply mining it. Im sure if someone else would like to mine it also at the same time, that will be fine. 
Go ahead. Go mine it with em..
"I don't think this is the kind of situation the treaty was designed to handle" Exactly.

USA does not own the moon. But NASA claims that all lunar material that has been brought back to Earth is government property.

Surely this must be the same for asteroid material also? - whoever brings it back, owns it.
First come, first served.
First come first serve. And the serve is potentially, trillions of dollars in minerals.
