Doesn't surprise me.
Pretty good analysis, but weak on the relevant statistics.  If Rubio means that 22% of Mexican Americans are more likely to vote for Romney, how does that compare to other candidates?  Is that 22% of all, or 22% on top of those who would vote for Romney anyway?  A lot of questions left unanswered.
Doyle McManus credibility will be completely gone if he is.   I hope she's prepared.
GO RON PAUL!
go where?
Anywhere else.
No one with ANY thoughts of running in 2016 is going to accept the VP spot with Romney. It's as simple as that.
To the white house!
You know Ron Paul belongs in the white house as President.
Sorry, but Rubio is not constitutionally eligible to be president of vice president. He's not a natural-born citizen as the constitution requires. His Cuban parents did not become U.S. citizens until four years AFTER he was born. Otherwise, any anchor baby could become president. That's not what the Founders had in mind.
for a dinner or the tour or something?
Yes, an "anchor baby" could become president, and Andrew Jackson is a clear example of that as both his parents were recent immigrants and non-citizens when he was born.  There are 5 others with one non-US-citizen parent.  All that is required is that at the time of birth, you were born as a US citizen, whether it's being born in the United States, or in another country to US Citizens.

In terms of what the founders had in mind, and the confusing language, they worded it as such so that they could take into account people who were born before the US was a country and before the state they were born in was part of the country.

Bottom line though is that Rubio is clearly eligible.
Esta es la primera salva de los viejos medios de comunicación presionan para otros cuatro años de Obama. Ellos tienen razón para temer y villify ningún hispano en el boleto republicano. Ellos atacarán Rubio tan duro como lo hicieron otras "minorías" que no comparten su visión del mundo como lo hacen Adam West, Herman Cain o Sarah Palin.
 Sobre la base de la matanza visitó a los mexicanos a partir Gunwalker, el linchamiento público de Zimmerman y los ataques a las creencias católicas, no hispano en su sano juicio debería votar para reelegir al payaso que tenemos ahora.
Old and crazy are no qualifications for president, son.
The Univision drug question issue was important enough to Romney for him to refuse the debate Univision had set-up. A debate in spanish is very important to some Americans and Romney shouldn't have shunned that number of viewers. 

Personally I think Romney should just answer the question and move on, it's a decades old issue and has nothing to do with how an adult will be as VP, people would understand. 

He doesn't have anyone for VP without some kind of 'issue' even Huntsman doesn't seem to get along and they have the same church

  He has to release the IRS and state records, seems to be so many issues, perhaps the records will tell us why.
dude, hispanic is not a race. There is a world of difference between the cultures of Cubians, Mexicans,  and South Americans. 

Even differences in their American history, some were slaves owned by Americans, some were past land-owners shoved off their land by Americans, some were workers exploited by Americans and others didn't have anything to do with Americans.

  Then we have the people of Spain aswell.
Don't think so
You really think that? Keep drinkin the koolaid haha...
No, but I'd imagine President Paul would be attending many dinners in the White House. :)
It's considered an "ethnicity".
Ever hear of the 14th Amendment, pookie?
Funny how this clown seems to forger that many of our Founders weren't born here either.
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
If you want to advertise here, FUCKING PAY FOR IT.

Now take your SLEAZY PORN and shove it up your ass.
Nah.
I think it would be overall.  If Rubio was on the ticket (and he's already said several times that he won't be), Latinos will be more receptive to the conservative arguments.

Minority voters are going to inundated by entitlement arguments from the left.  It will be up to conservatives to show why the entitlement argument won't and can't work.  However, that only works so long as they're willing to listen to an argument that doesn't promise free stuff.
Agreed.  I fully expect a Christie or Jindal for president and Rubio or Ryan for VP ticket in 2016 (if Romney doesn't win) or 2020.
he'll have the time for it since he's retiring this year!
So you do not disagree with my statement then?
