I think it was great of the GOP to promote Obama. That video only made the Prez look even more down to Earth and in contrast to Mitt, Obama is one of us.
I have said this before.the entire national strategy adopted by the Republicans ("to see Obama fail" , what the heck were they thinking any way ? ) ...has been a laughing stock from the start and was inherently nationally divisive therefore DOOMED TO FAILURE ...not only that , but due to it's insidiously negative import....they (right) have now PAINTED THEMSELVES INTO A CORNER ..i mean where do you go as a national political party when you have completely demonized the other side of he aisles , someone with too much influence over the direction of their party made a monumental error in judgement , now they just look MEAN AND ANGRY !
It certainly shows that Obama does very little real work as it takes up a lot of his time "being cool".  Between that, constant golf games, continuous campaigning and monthly vacations there's just not any time left to run the country.
If you are bored go to http://beingbored.net
If you are bored go to http://beingbored.net
:)))
Factless as usual. You used to be a bit better with your arguments; Steph. You are just a boring troll now, I am sorry to say.
Even crazy has standards.

I find it especially hilarious that they're trying to hit Obama for the cost of student loans when the President is trying to bring down those interest rates and Republicans are stonewalling it.
We need to focus on ideas, not this garbage.  It's become a beauty contest where the opposite sides slam each others makeup.  The dog on the roof of a car during a vacation or something,  he ate dog when he was 5.   It's too important for that, but I guess that's American politics.
This guy favor the Obama whom he compete before
Keep bringing up the golf games, stevanoski.  Normal people play golf.  Normal people do not own and ride purebred dressage horses.
irishcentral spam...and..."next year"? If you are going to spam Digg...get it right.,
First John McCain comes out swinging with his support for Obama and now the GOP? President Barack Obama really did bring us together! Now we can move forward.

John McCain endorses Obama for 2012: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34phsb4e6Eg
You sound exactly like that guy IT who spends his day surfing facebook and saying just how much the CEO of the company waists time and does nothing. Of course you know exactly what it takes to run the company and could run it so much better if you just had the chance, but you are just too busy to do that because someone posted something wrong on the internet and you have to correct them.
I loved that video. It is in my favorites on YouTube.
You noticed that too, eh?
Kinda reminds ya of the last 30 years of presidents, huh?
What's the problem with having a cool President?  He is getting the job done and we are slowly coming out of the Great Recession in spite of the worst the republicons could do to keep us down. 
Clinton played the saxophone and balanced the budget.
Nixon went on Rowan and Martin's Laugh In.  "Sock it to ME?"
LOL @ "celebrity" really? He's the most connected to the masses president we've ever had! He's the only one that has utilized social media to get the opinion of the masses. When I first read the title of this article, I thought "whoa, I can maybe start to respect Donald Trump because he hates this commercial" but of course, it was not to be.
LMFAO he is no different from Mitt. 2 worthless politicians not worth pissing on. Democrat and republican make no difference when one is just as corrupt as the other besides anyone who would take a campaign commercial seriously shouldn't be worrying about it.
Wasn't this one of the guys that wanted so badly to see Obamas birth certificate Donald Trump should deal with his money and stop thinking we care what he says.
Just now?
yes?
Ah, the most truthful response of the Day!
Normal people might play miniature golf, seen course fees lately? they aren't priced for normal people. Rich people play golf.
You sound just like the janitor who insist the company is run better if the boss is never there.
You got that right!
Clinton balanced the budget? So, are you saying he is better at compromise than Obama, or just wanted the same things the republicans wanted at the time? So, that means Obama has failed?
Yes, he forced Obama to release his long form birth certificate.

BTW, this is not anti Obama ad, it's pro American.
Yes, very down to Earth, like dirt.
Donut Grump is mad because someone is performing worse than he did? I'm shocked. Can't we all focus on verifying the falsification of the burp certificate? We only have until November to rescue the tax breaks and liberate people from healthcare...
Wow, your debating skillz are underwhelming me.
Very pro American
