It makes no sense to hate something useful for others - it's just not your preference. One prefers Xubuntu, another one Debian ... some people can not live without Mac OS or Windows. Let people use what they like, replace the word "hate" in your life with the world "love" and share it to the world to make it a little bit better :)
I may disagree with the author on specifics but in the end he raises a number of good points. The clients where I volunteer don't NEED a specific operating system regardless of what the teacher says. Those who have trouble fall into two categories. The largest is those for who the operating system is the problem. The other is those who just don't get it to begin with.

Unless they want to play games, the first group would be happy with anything we give them if they would just get over their fear of anything which is non-M$. There isn't much anyone could do with the second group.

The "average" user (not the people who follow this sort of thing here) is just interested in e-mail and the web. Any machine made from 1990 on (including the last Apple II machines) is more than capable of basic access with the appropriate software.
People still use Ubuntu? I thought everyone switched to Linux Mint, plain Debian, and OpenSUSE?
I played with the precise beta for three weeks before the official release, so I wasn't all that concerned about upgrading from oneiric last night, and it wasn't any trouble.  I've been using 12.04 for less than 24 hours and can say pretty confidently that I'm okay with it.  I've gotten used to Unity, and like the author, still wish I could move the launcher somewhere else, but since I can't, I just deal with it.  The OS is a tool and I find Ubuntu so much better than Windows that I wish I could use it at work.  Since I cannot change corporate policy, and I have to manage a Windows network, I am comfortable in both environments, but at home, I will use Ubuntu pretty much exclusively.
Yes, be should avoid things like evolution, progression, natural selection and competition...or maybe we should say these things are good. What is not good perhaps is blind devotion.
Indie gaming is heavily supported on Linux...and its where gaming is happening right now.
Personally I have moved in cinnamon quite a while ago, and gnome is fresh and beautiful again.
The "average" user doesn't care about indie games. They want the "coolest" commercial games. They just don't understand the concept of independence. They want what everybody else has. The idea of walking into a store and picking up something off the shelf has a certain appeal.

There are some indie games I've seen on a couple of the live CD/DVDs which impressed me. Over all (much like the commercial market) some are better than others.
I use 11.10 at work and frankly, there is a reason why Windows is still the most popular OS on the market. 

In the upper right of the desktop window bar where the Ubuntu equivalent of the windows task icons sit, there is a convenient little icon telling you when you have new email.... convenient until you want to actually VIEW THE DAMN EMAIL. If you're not in the main workspace, clicking the new email indicator won't flick you to the workspace where the email client is running, and bring it to the front. Same is true of any chat notifications etc. 

When you get a new email or chat message, a small preview bubble appears in the upper right as well. Intuitively, you should be able to click on it and show the email or chat message. Instead, it just blurs the stupid preview when you mouse over it.... what the FUCK is the point of that? 

The OS is absolutely chalk full of broken UX like that. So if you're not a wizard with basically using the OS from the command line and customizing the shit out of it, then Ubuntu (or I suspect, any Linux distribution) will simply not be as good as anything from MS or Apple.
Your complaining about the old OS, and about an email button you have not set up...but like every Windows user that has windows live installed.

Seriously though 11.10 is so last year all the cool kittens are on 12.04
"The "average" user doesn't care about indie games. They want the "coolest" commercial games. They just don't understand the concept of independence. They want what everybody else has. The idea of walking into a store and picking up something off the shelf has a certain appeal."

No the average user may care about having the odd game. Gamers care about games...but those are being ill served with DRM,DLC, and good luck at walking into a shop and buying a PC game. Like I say indie games are where is happening.
The "average" user is only a little more intelligent than Homer Simpson. You, I, and the other people here can have a conversation about the current state of software and whether DRM is a good thing (I think it isn't). Having a conversation of this nature with an "average" user is pretty much pointless until they gain some experience and knowledge. I'm sure we've all seen the glazed stare...

I'm willing to accept your point about indie games being where most of the development is happening these days. I don't have the time to follow every trend out there... However that's not something the "average" user can understand. They look at what all their friends are doing.

I suppose my point is, if games are excluded from the list of what people want then one machine or operating system is pretty much like another in terms of what software is available. Office suites and internet software all have identical versions for all major platforms. Like the author, I could sit a retired person in front of any machine I put together and in half an hour they would be able to run it like a champ.

The reason I exclude games from the list is because if the user were to be playing games they would be able to fix most of their own problems. Compare someone who thinks YouTube is the be all and end all to someone who plays games...

Speaking of games... I do the occasional software review for a magazine. It's been a while (I got very busy for a couple of months). Does someone have any recommendations for a (free) single player Mac or Linux game? Ideally it should be an easy install and run with no problems.
I have been using Ubuntu since 11.10, prior to that I used Mint and Mandriva. I upgraded to the latest version over the weekend and it is definitely more polished and runs a lot more smoother.  I don't get on with Unity, despite several attempts but I installed Gnome 3 Shell and that does everything I want it to and more.

My mother runs a desktop with WIndows 7 and a netbook with Ubuntu on it.  If ever she has a problem it is always with the desktop, despite her using Windows based computers since WIndows 95.  I live 400 miles away so I can't just pop around, especially with the price of fuel over here, it would be cheaper to buy her a new one! So I access remotely.

My mum quite happily navigates the unity interface and she never even realised that Ubuntu was a different operating system.  In a way people will stick with WIndows because they are mainstream and come pre installed on computers.  I guess folk don't care what operating system they use as long as they get access to email and the internet.
