As far as size is concerned, liberal gay guys have the smallest wieners I ever seen.  The homocons have the biggest dicks out there.  

I am not sure why liberals have this obsession with the color of one's skin or the color of one's dick.  A dick is a dick, and I care not to be educated in liberal racism,
Didn't watch the video, did you?
lol, very funny!
Your daily dose of kool-aid from the Obama Ministry of Truth(tm)

Taste the Kool-aid... TASTE IT!
That's awesome!!
no, he just read the title and guessed from there.
It seems to be quite the trend with Alan and Sky'wise'.
My favorite Sarandon story:

http://www.nypost.com/p/pagesix/cookie_toss_soaks_sarandon_eEqOkyXREZpBOGPppaBxdJ
fta: "got an unpleasant party favor when transsexual performer Rose Wood vomited on stage directly onto the Oscar winner."  LOL, too good, nice find.
There's supposed to be some giant march today in protest of "The War on Women..."  Looks like the women of Digg couldn't be bothered to march... very funny.
You're giving him too much credit. He saw pictures...he can't read. You seem to forget he's a dumbass.
WTF are you talking about?
Your daily dose of spam from the Skywise Ministry of Spam(tm).

Be dumb like Skywise...BE DUMB!
I like what one commenter said below the video.  

"They got the order wrong.  It should be large, medium, or republican."
This is just another made up issue from the left. dont be fooled by there lies.
It really wasn't.  But whatever.  I expect more from Funny or Die.
No you don't.  You have always hated that website.  Comedians expose the uncomfortable truths in your dogma.
I want to be Republican.
by their lies.
don't
don't
There is no war on woman; that's the funny part.
you....forget about me...
jesus, more fucking feminist bullshit...
hmm , the republican was the big dick so then the small dick probably was representing fox ( so called ) news ?
What?  You smoking something?  That comment actually bordered on creepy.  It's kind of dangerous that you advocate firebombing AND you just make shit up.

Is the Wisconsin situation effecting your tenuous grasp on reality?
I see a nitch business with white-dick-bags (TM)  :)
