ok congress should get right to work and place a 100 year old age limit for politicans!
VOTED "STUPIDEST ARTICLE EVER" idea debunked already.  Poster is a felon.
Citations?
Sure... as soon as you can prove Obama's age...
crickets
Every single person who dugg this submission is pants-on-head retarded.

Social Security was established in the US less than 100 years ago.  How could a social security number be older than that?  Besides, Social Security numbers are NOT a reliable indicator of one's state of residency, nor is it an indicator of one's age.
http://www.ssa.gov/history/ssn/geocard.html

Conservatives, you should be ashamed of yourselves for not shunning the birthers.  They make you look bad.
You dugg this submission, which calls Obama a felon, without any proof whatsoever.  Why the hypocritical double-standard?
Does that go for the liberals who didn't shun the birthers either apackoflies2547?
Yes, it does.  Fortunately, liberals far and wide generally DID shut down the (few) left-wing birthers.  The right now owns it.
Are you actually going to address the factual points I raised?
Doubtful.
You'll just keep digging the same lies, over and over and over again.  Keep on raising already-refuted bullshit claims.  Keep on showing the world that you have no interest whatsoever in the pursuit of truth, just a mindless vendetta against one man.  Keep on proving that there's no low you won't stoop to if it means you can perpetuate the same old smears.
You can believe whatever you want apackoflies. As far as I'm concerned you are full of it.
You guys come up with so much "shit" it is hard to keep up, buy idiots you are!  Look at this list, how many are totally false of misleading?
http://factcheck.org/hot-topics/
Here is one on the SS#, google would help you not look so stupid!
http://www.thefogbow.com/special-reports/social-security-number/
Social Security Administration " One should not make too much of the "geographical code".   It was not meant to be any kind of usable geographic information."  As for the date in this accusation, it is clearly the number on the page.
