Brilliant PETA.  

Now you're upset with Barbie picking on Shamu the whale.
i love barbie 
follow me please
i love barbie 
follow me please
shamu the whale???
Oh, PETA...  just leave Barbie alone...
What does this have to do with the ethical treatment of animals? Its a toy for creepsakes.
PETA really needs to hire a public relations guy who can look at stuff like this and simply say  "ARE YOU FREAKING CRAZY???" to the brass.

I'm all for ethical treatment of animals, but PETA goes too far. Some of them think I'm cruel for having my slightly plump, happy, ten year old purring kittycat as a pet, because it's "unnatural" and I'm depriving him of the life nature intends for a cat.

You know, hunger, not knowing where the next meal will come from, fleas and ticks, worries about coyotes and foxes, and dying, on average, before his fifth birthday.

I'm so cruel, PETA. So cruel indeed.
PETA really needs to hire a public relations guy who can look at stuff like this and simply say  "ARE YOU FREAKING CRAZY???" to the brass.

I'm all for ethical treatment of animals, but PETA goes too far. Some of them think I'm cruel for having my slightly plump, happy, ten year old purring kittycat as a pet, because it's "unnatural" and I'm depriving him of the life nature intends for a cat.

You know, hunger, not knowing where the next meal will come from, fleas and ticks, worries about coyotes and foxes, and dying, on average, before his fifth birthday.

I'm so cruel, PETA. So cruel indeed.
Whoops, go ahead and bury this duplicate. Darn thing says there was an error posting, so I posted again. Lo-and-behold, it posted both times. I love technology!
Barbie isn't harpooning any whales!! Back off!! I love whales, and Barbie, she can help bring awareness to Whale protection issues, or just be another option for young girls to think about for a career!! Spread awareness through love and doing the right thing, not hurting humans in the plight to save animals!!
I have been a financial supporter of both PETA and the NRA. I support gun rights, and the protection of animals,  esp ones near extinction. I believe both act in the best interest of animals. Hunters do not wipe out populations of animals, poachers do.
PETA and TSA there great terrorist organizations of America. Don't ya think?
Disease, famine... are hazardous to populations of animals! Relocation efforts cause damage to natural streams, and populations of animals. More research should be done before making changes to nature.
I'd say PETA and the NRA but the TSA sux2.
LOL!  I can't support either because they both go too far for me.  I like your middle of the road approach though.  I'm a gun owner who likes animals.  I like to pet 'em, I like to eat 'em.
Excellent. Barbie's some right proper stupid shit.
Fuck Peta
This is why PETA is a joke. 
www.petakillsanimals.com
The environment has become target-starved!
lovely
nice lovely and more
*they're   

FFS people, it's not hard to use the right form of their, there or they're.
It's not too hard to let it slide, either...
spell checkers of internet are another type of TROLL but they don't know they are but they're too stupid to know so, there are happy. Okay I I'll stop feeding the troll.
Damit peta you make us sane vegetarians seem stupid. Can i just say we're not stupid like  peta makes us out to be? I don't like peta very much :(
I think there should be an alternative peta. You know one where the people in charge of representing it aren't high and stupid. imo
the lack of meat must affect the brain
I think PETA's habits of self-negating attempts at respectability is the best way to get rid of them, at least in their current state. Maybe one day Newkirk will snort awake from beneath her orange tabby duvet, smack herself in the head, and ask her chimp maid "what the hell are we DOING?!"
In regard to PETA's comment "If you continue this partnership with SeaWorld, the doll should be made more realistic: It should have detachable limbs and be black and blue." 

If Mattel actually did re-release the doll with detachable limbs and was black and blue, do you really think PETA would be any happier?
