Atlas Shrugged, by Ayn Rand.
The American consumer needs to revolt against one large parasitic corporation at a time.
Just one at a time.....quietly and efficiently. Just stop buying their products.
Who should  be first?
Why am i seeing other countries magazines with 3 TB flash drives selling for 60 bucks and here in America I can't find any anywhere online or in the market?  We are falling behind even third world countries now!
Another fine article that mayor may not tell us why the rich keep getting richer, while the rest of us either stagnate, or get poorer.
Government has caused record inequality and greater recessions. This is pretty much writing on the wall when you look at the federal budget and how government spends the money they confiscate by the point of a gun.
"We can no longer tolerate such a diversion of wealth [to the people that earned it].

There.  You're welcome.
Answering the inequality question is worthwhile, but I'm not convinced it leads to greater recessions.  It was pointed out by some (Krugman and other economists) when the financial crisis began than downturns that involve bank failures are longer than average - even in other countries with better income/wealth inequality.

Now we have Great Britain and apparently Spain back in recession due to austerity measures and someone thinks its due to inequality?  Whatever!
Here is another example of the left grasping at straws.
Government. Next question?
"while the rest of us either stagnate, or get poorer"
The trend is that the rich keep getting richer, while the poor also get richer.
You're right if you think government has caused inequality by not doing enough to even the playing field and in many instances tilting the field in favor of the wealthy.
"while the poor also get richer"

If only that were true. Sadly it is not.
Then yeah, we'd disagree. They shouldn't be tilting anything in any direction, and the action of doing so causes exactly what we have today. Artificial bubbles from poor fiscal policy, deprivation of rights, loss of freedom, and generational debt.
Spreading lies doesn't help people, nmw6. 
I've examined the numbers, and you can too. Adjusting for inflation, the top 20% and the bottom 20% (and the three 20% groups in between) have all gotten richer over the past several decades, adjusting for inflation.
