Of course low taxes don't help create jobs, higher taxes do... In fact, if we had a 100% tax rate, the unemployment rate would be zero!

Krugman is is an ignorant, radical, big government left wing hack...
We've been lowering taxes for the rich for over 3 decades.  Trickle Down appeasement is futile.  If it worked, we would have 0% unemployment by now.  

You are an extreme right wing corporate hack.
The evidence is overwhelming. Lower taxes don't create anything but a Recession. George Bush already proved that. Speaking of which, only 246 days left until the end of the Bush tax cuts. Hang on everybody, the conservative nightmare of failed economic policy will be over soon.
Yeah, the Nobel Prize laureate in Economics knows less than what Rush Limbaugh (the fat fuck) spews or whatever bullshit Faux Noose puts up there, right?

I'm not even going to list the many qualifications this man has nor the vast amount of experience he has. You can Wikipedia him if you're so inclined. The fact is when a man like him says "Trickle Down Theory is bullshit" then by god I think I'm gonna take that over what any moronic Repuke says. 

Facts don't lie, history proves TDT doesn't work. It's time to try something else...Republican economic theory = failure.
There is one and only one thing that creates jobs: successful business.  And successful business only happens in response to great demand.  Taxes have NOTHING to do with it.  You want to make everything better, go back to FDR.
And in the 90's, when taxes were low, the unemployment rate was lower than anyone thought was ever possible.
Ahh yes... the socialist Krugman determines that only high taxes will create jobs...

riight...

Lower business taxes free up... anyone?  anyone?  Capital for a business that they can use to grow the business.  Which they WILL.  It may not turn into a job automatically but that money will be used to purchase more equipment or increase services which WILL translate into jobs.

I mean, it's funny watching the sycophant libs on here **AND KRUGMAN** decry this fact when they're the same ones that suck down Pelosi's kool-aid claiming that unemployment checks are the best way to grow an economy because that money creates jobs for the EXACT SAME METHODOLOGY.

But when you do it with unemployment checks you're taking money from the economy which staggers it and redistriubting it.  With low business taxes the government doesn't get involved at all.  Big difference.
Taxes were higher than they are now.
Krugman isn't a Socialist, and neither is President Obama.  Eugene Debs must be spinning in his grave wondering how the U.S. became so stupid.
Yes, they are.  They both believe in centralized economies.

You can berate that fact all you want, but if it quacks like a duck and waddles like a duck...
One word counterpoint:  Switzerland.

http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703422904575039431012272688.html
My guess is that he means as a percentage of GDP or a percentage of tax income other nations collect more from corporate income tax than we do:

http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/05/31/are-taxes-in-the-u-s-high-or-low/
No, successful businesses only happen in response to profitability, and the higher the tax rate, the less profit potential exists because the Government eats it.
You have to forgive him phil.  Skywise is of the perspective that anyone to the left of Hitler is some type of communist.
So you are calling Ben Bernanke a Socialist now, also, too?
The top marginal tax rates were even LOWER just before the Great Depression, and look how that turned out!  Of course, when people woke the frak up and realized that high top marginal tax rates are actually GOOD for a society (up to 95% at some points), things got a lot better.  Too bad certain lessons in history get lost on the uneducated.
What? Have a world war? :P
Do you know how much G.E. pays in taxes?  You forget something.  There is the rate that's on the books, and then there are deductions and stuff, so the actual amount they pay is some of the lowest in the developed world.  It's the same for people like you and me.  The base rate is one number, and then you have whatever deductions(mortgage interest and so on) for the actual rate.  And the actual rate is a lot lower, obviously.
One word: Texas. Companies flock to Texas because of it's low tax burden. Go ahead, believe this asshat, but facts are that Texas jobs are growing because of lower tax burdens.
No, that was the effective rate.  They figured that in.
And yet the economy thrived under a lot higher actual tax rate when this guy: http://bit.ly/JvB3oB ..  was President.  Go figure!!  You forget something else.  When taxes are higher on business, they'll do other things with the money.  Like perhaps pay their employees more!!
In the 90s we still had plenty of local family run businesses, those were the backbone of America. 

  They are gone now, replaced by the walmarts types of the corporate world.
We should not be giving property tax breaks, state and federal money to corporations.  

 Give the tax/permit breaks to the real small businesses of America. We need the real small businesses back, the family farms et all.
Yea, no, not so much.  Texas unemployment rate is in the middle of the pack:

http://www.deptofnumbers.com/unemployment/states/

At best there are more low-paying jobs where people can flip burgers.
The corporations of those countries aren't paying state taxes, which our corporations pay, and it's not going to show up in that figure.  Kind of apples to oranges.
Well, i would like him to elaborate on his theory vs just saying they do not work!
I don't think they work either, but progressives and conservatives alike would digg me down for saying that.
Your right, high tech companies are flowing from California like crazy, it hasn't helped much, if any.
The odds of that happening are stacked against you, but i wish you and everyone else who dreaming of doing this the best of luck.
LOL        sex videos free:http://eremit20.beepworld.de
You do understand that taxes are paid on net profit right? So if a busines is taxed higher they have an even higher motivation to invest pre taxed profits in order to grow the business.

I'm sure you knew this of course and I'm sure you will point out all the crazy growth of businesses in the US and not just the growth of their profits.

Of course you will /s
1.  Not "your".  "You are".  Or "you're".

2.  You are not providing any evidence that you are correct.  You are simply showing a single case where tax rate is lower.  In other words, you are demonstrating a standard cherry picking fallacy.

3.  I was thinking more in terms of some place like Massachusetts, with an 8.25% corporate tax rate (as opposed to 0% tax rate in Texas).  And yet with unemployment lower than that of Texas.  Or some place like Virginia, with an 8.5% corporate tax rate, and unemployment that's even lower.  Or Vermont with the tax rate between 6 and 8.5%, and an even lower unemployment than that.  Or a bunch of other similar states.

4.  California tax rate is just a little higher as that of a bunch of other states - 8.84%.

5.  The data does not fit your conclusions.  As I've just demonstrated, there are a bunch of states with much lower unemployment but higher corporate tax rate.  There is no correlation between corporate tax rate and unemployment.

Next time please provide some evidence together with your assertions.
If you want to advertise here, fucking PAY FOR IT.

Now take your PORN and shove it up your ass.
http://www.politicususa.com/paul-krugman-taxes-jobs.html
Liar.
Wrong.

http://money.cnn.com/magazines/business2/b2fastestgrowing/2007/states/CA.html
Ok, thanks for the spelling lesson. 

Sorry, what i meant to say is, companies are moving to Texas for more favorable tax purposes and it has not helped the economy of Texas much, if any. Can you refute that?

"The data does not fit your conclusions. As I've just demonstrated, there are a bunch of states with much lower unemployment but higher corporate tax rate. There is no correlation between corporate tax rate and unemployment."
I did not say that, not sure how got that.

And yess sirr boss, i;ll get my shitt tagether just for you.
Figures you would use a left wing media as proof.

http://theweek.com/article/index/204275/why-is-everyone-moving-to-texas-5-theories

http://thebusinessrelocationcoach.blogspot.com/

http://www.ocregister.com/articles/jobs-304774-http-vranich.html

Wow, even people in California know it.

http://www.bizjournals.com/austin/news/2011/04/14/cost-reason-companies-move-from-ca-to.html

want a hundred more?
Looks the same as the first time i watched it, He states, lowering taxes on the rich does not work, but does not say why.

I say the moon is really green, but i won't say why. And it is green!
Your not one of those highly educated snob's roguegenius was referring to in another thread, are you? just checking!
Oh, just one more
http://money.cnn.com/2011/06/28/news/economy/California_companies/index.htm
MONEY.COM is leftist?

http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/technology/2011/03/high-tech-industry-on-hiring-binge-in-california-google-facebook-and-zynga-lead-the-pack.html
right. it'd be one thing if we were still playing the wait-and-see game eith TDT but, we've already done that for 30 fraking years.  it's quite obvious it doesnt work. but, this is something that we'll to explain to the same people that think the earth is only 6k years old and that because it got a little cold in january, that global warming is a hoax.
We  already know what DOESN'T work. We need to know what DOES!!!
If the US economy depends on consumption, then it is clear that increasing lower wages is most effective because those will be fully spend on consumption.
"states without an income tax have seen 58% higher population growth than the national average, and more than double the growth of states with the highest income tax rates."
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702304432704577349860656569348.html
or better yet, eliminate all tax breaks and lower the rate across the board.
That is exactly why unemployment benefits are so beneficial to our country! What did Nancy Pelosi say? Every dollar paid out in unemployment benefits brings in approx. $1.80 in economic activity. 
It is beneficial and impoprtant to the United States economy to have as many citizens on unemployment as possible. This is our road to success and freedom'
Discrimination based on company size, ownership structure, or nationality of owners may be the 'right' thing to do in your mind, but it is discriminatory nonetheless.
Governments should NOT be 'giving' tax break/permitting preferences to ANY business over another business. 
The people who should be 'receiving' the tax breaks (in other words, keeping their OWN money) are the individual citizens and homeowners.
You bet, the debt ain't high enough, let's drive it up as much as possible by creating more of a government financial shortfall.
i meant to say, what if we ELIMINATE tax BREAKS, and LOWER rates (by the same amount as would have been collected) across the board. (cutting out influence from special interest groups who get tax break for big banks who are members of the federal reserve who refuses to show us the books)
The reason lowering taxes on the rich won't work, is due to the fact that they don't necessarily spend those savings in the first place, and when they do spend them, it's all too often on foreign investments.
Global economy, lower taxes, and free trade were the major platforms that Reagan ran on. When he got elected the jobs started moving to China, and the imports started to flood this nation with no tariffs.  We have been paying for this mistake for the last 30 years, as the exportation of jobs spawns out into all fields possible.
I live in a low paying community where the average starting wage at a factory is near minimum wage. But these manufacturers have moved as much of their work as possible to third world nations just to avoid the $8.00 an hour they pay here.
Corporate greed is the problem. No matter how wide the profit margin is, they will always want more.
They also flock to Texas because of the high number of illegal workers.
Taxes are both a disincentive to entrepreneurship and suck working capital out of the profit margin. Taxes have a lot to do with it.
The reason lowering taxes on the rich won't work, is due to the fact that they don't necessarily spend those savings in the first place, and when they do spend them, it's all too often on foreign investments.

A few things:
1. Don't confuse saving with hoarding
2. Then isn't the real problem and the better solution to encourage investment in domestic investments, not monkey around with the tax rates.
3. Reagan, like all other politicians, ran on a platform that was vastly different from what his presidency actually demonstrated. He exploded the debt, size of the government, and the taxes.
Krugman makes me sick to my stomach.  He's the worst of the kool aide drinkers.  A delusional man and very dangerous media figure because he really believes all his nonsense.
Usually it is those who have drank "bad kool-aide" that get sick to their stomachs....
Award winning economists?.........not so much.
Your right. The drive for Corp. dominance of everything coupled with the Internet has trashed the middle class. I'd open a business tomorrow if I thought there was any small businesses left worth doing. Sad facts are there isn't many and who wants to compete against huge multi-Nat'l Corps. anyway?
Once again the morning talks shows give credence to lies by the Republican's and allow them to control what the debate is about, hence controlling the message.  The stats back up Krugman so much so that there should never have been any discussion about it...what a joke, how can anyone possibly learn anything when the media sets this kind of thing up to peddle their sponsors commercials.
"This administration pledged itself last summer to an across-the-board, top-to-bottom cut in personal and corporate income taxes to be enacted and become effective in 1963... The accumulated evidence of the last five years [is] that our present tax system, developed as it was in good part during World War II to restrain growth, exerts too heavy a drag on growth in peace time; that it siphons out of the private economy too large a share of personal and business purchasing power; that it reduces the financial incentives for personal effort, investment and risk-taking"  -- JFK
I don't think many people have NOT started a new business because taxes were too high...most have been started based on revenue opportunity.  However, admittedly a small percentage of businesses have been started based on exploiting tax breaks...but there has to be a balance to in order for government to provide the things it is supposed to provide without increasing the debt...the argument always leads back to cost effective government, which everyone should agree upon with some compromise...what we have now is one side completely lying (Republican's) and the other side having to justify taxes completely out of context (Democrats).
I know you are, but what am I...brilliant!
Ha ha.  I didn't catch the satire right away.  Thought you were serious.  I think I've been reading too much digg left wing talk.
Another classic.  A link to the same article that we're discussing.  How about a few more [yawn] and bagger comments to top it off.
Want to give higher salaries, do it with your own money, not with other people' money.
Political driven Noble prizes like Krugman's and Obama do not count.
And here is what is not a myth.  High business taxes chase jobs out of the country.  

Have a nice day.
No he didn't prove that.  Bush had 6 out of 8 good years of economy.  Obama is 0 for 3.
Fiorina should never have been on this show, because she is just pushing Romney's talking points. And has no brains on the subject being discussed. The show touts her as the former CEO of HP. And the reason why she is the former is because she was fired from HP. At a cost of $125 million that HP had to pay her off to leave. And HP figured it would be cheeper to do that than to keep her as CEO. Now she is just a rich Republican political hack.
Let's see.  Low taxes, company more money to use.  To do what with the money?  buy more, invest more in your company to improve, make better, possibly use to hire another worker part time?  No one can really say that lower taxes creates more jobs but you can't say it doesn't either.  Each small business can decide what to do with more money when they don't have to give it to the government.

But really why do you care?  It's their money, they can do what they want with it.  You can't sit there and tell me if they want it for themselves that instead we need to increase taxes to take the money from them.  That just plain sucks and really is just horrible in so many ways.
Adding non-existent fed printed money into circulation only deflates the dollar.
Yeah because when you increase minimum income in San Francisco to 10 dollars an hour you can't even get a 5 dollar footlong sub at Subway anymore.

http://blogs.sfweekly.com/thesnitch/2012/03/subway_5_footlong_san_francisc.php
I really don't think high taxes on family run businesses is the solution.  Do you?  Who the hell would want to run a small business if you have to pay 45% in taxes?
That's where Fiorina failed - rather than just repeating "it's true", she should have taken him to task on his claim that states with lower taxes aren't growing faster.
foreign investment like the plants GM built in China or Mexico after the taxpayers bailed them out to save jobs?
He's not so much "delusional" as much as he has converted himself from economist to popular political columnist. He denounces the findings from conferences he refuses to attend, and boldly proclaims that he isn't interested in reading those who don't agree with him.

My favorite statement about Krugman comes from Prof John H Cochrane of U Chicago.

"Imagine this were a respected scientist turned popular writer, who says, most basically, that everything everyone has done in his field since the mid-1960s is a complete waste of time. Everything that fills its academic journals, is taught in its PhD programmes, presented at its conferences, summarised in its graduate textbooks, and rewarded with the accolades a profession can bestow (including multiple Nobel Prizes) is totally wrong. Instead, he calls for a return to the eternal verities of a rather convoluted book written in the 1930s, as taught to our author in his undergraduate introductory courses. If a scientist, he might be an AIDS-HIV disbeliever, a creationist or a stalwart that maybe continents do not move after all."
Or move to tax havens which means we get zero...
http://www.examiner.com/article/us-corporate-tax-rates-the-primary-cause-for-companies-moving-overseas
Demand for products and services create jobs.
To paraphrase Dennis Prager:  The Left has been much more concerned about redistributing wealth than creating wealth.
Do you honestly not understand that differences of today's world and the 1950's? Seriously?

In 1950 the United States was essentially the only major industrial nation that wasn't war torn. It had a trade deficit very much unlike today's trade deficit wherein exports greatly exceeded imports.

In today's global economy higher tax rates and regulator burden drive businesses to other nations that have since rebuilt their industrial centers or have built new ones altogether (China, Mexico, etc). That isn't even debatable, reality has proven it.

What's amusing to me is that the liberals are actually the conservatives. They want to go back in time to the post-WWII days of much higher taxes. We live in a new world, "progressives". Get used to it.
In other words, he is anti-science. Never willing to admit when he is wrong, never willing to change his mind.
These folks view the government as more efficient. That's because they've either never worked for government or they work for government and have never worked in the private sector. In their minds, when government gets to use the money better things come from in.

The problem with that belief system is that the vast majority of government gets doesn't translate into things you want or even things that benefit you.
6 out of 8 good years? LMAO. Really, you want to stick with that meme? 1.5 million jobs in 8 years, with 4 million job losses, and 750,000 a month being lost the day he slithered out of office? A blown budget surplus, with a $9 trillion debt, and a stock market that went from 13,000 to 7000 in that time frame? Over 4 million jobs created in the 3 years Obama has been in office, with the market now back over 13,000, while ending one of two wars, saving the auto industry, and killing Bin Laden in that time frame? That empty space between your ears has been filled with paranoid delusions. I live in southern Va., and gas prices never topped $4 a galllon like they did under Bush, and no new terror attacks have occured under Obama like they did on Bushs' watch either. In case you thought you would bring up either of those issues, like they would be winners for you either.
And the economy was good because the bulk of the people had money to spend.  Demand goes up, supply goes up.  Win-win.  Has nothing to do with taxes.
A question I asked yesterday, but was never answered: if globalization has sent so many jobs overseas, how is increasing the price of labor in the US going to solve that?
"We've been lowering taxes for the rich for over 3 decades."

Citation needed. 

Income tax rates have went down but not sure how that's pertinent here.

Corporate taxes have decreased as well but the problem is payroll taxes, which corporations pay a large portion of, have gone way up. Further, state and local taxes corporations have paid have been going nowhere but up. When you look at how much corporations pay in taxes on average, adjusted for inflation, as a percentage of their gross income you'll see that it's been fairly static for the past half-century.

Read a great article on this a while back, I'll see if I can find it. Again. Citation needed.
Wow.  I understand when people lie about the 80's.  A lot of people were too young to recall how shitty the Reagan economy was and how bad employment was...  But everyone remembers the shitty Bush economy.  I remember exactly when it all went to shit.  9/11, the usual bogey?  Nope, before that.  It started tanking when Bush chopped up the Clinton surplus, and doled it back to us in $500 chunks.  We had $500, which was a nice, one time only shot in the arm... but now Social Security was going to go bankrupt in 1016 (yup, that was the date predicted).  Suddenly your IRA went from 'beer money' to 'food money' and everyone got real conservative with their investments.  Yanked the legs out from under the stock market.  The rest of the economy started the decline that ended in the housing collapse (different crisis with different causes, but we no longer had the padding to absorb anything now.)
LOL....who says conservatives don't have a sense of humor!
"successful businesses only happen in response to profitability"  That's kind of a bullshitty way of saying exactly what I said.  Profitability means 'able to make profit' which means there is a demand for what you are supplying.  No demand = no profitability.  Again, taxes have nothing to do with it.

Taxes only matter when you start business.  Once established, you just pay them.  It's EASY to start a business right now.  Tough to keep one rolling.  The problem is demand, not taxes.
"Do you honestly not understand that differences of today's world and the 1950's? Seriously?"

Yeah.  And they had poodle skirts too.  None of that makes any difference.  We came out of the New Deal with a huge, powerful middle class (a 'spending class' if you will).  We had assloads of demand.  They spent lots of money, and that drove business.  The economy was all internal, there was little import or export.  The rest of the world didn't effect us.  China is basically using New Deal tactics (focusing on creating a middle class) right now and they have the hugest competitor in history, us.  If oversea competition is the only thing that counts, how are they doing it?

You are just wrong.  We need to rebuild our middle class, we need universal health care to take the burden of health care off business.  In short, we need to go back to the era of 'big liberalism.'  That's what our competitors are doing, and it working for them.  We have been in Friedmanland for 40 years.  Give it up, it flat out doesn't work.
Exactly.  Now you are on the right track.  Focus on demand.
Wait, are you the guy who got really defensive about his education and started yelling about how he sold his farm for so much money?  The one who keeps bringing up his education, constantly drawing attention to it?

Also, again, it's not "your", it is "you are".
Yeah, like I said 6 out of 8.  His last year in office was not good at all.  I'm not saying the economy was glorious the years he was in office but they weren't dire either.  Not like you guys always seem to make it.  He definitely wasn't very good at not spending money but most of the people had jobs and life was not so bad.
So... we have the highest statutory rates of the western world - ~39% including state tax averages.  Actual effective rates?  Is that what  he's crying about -- yes, very low.  Why?  We have fallen in love with tax codes that try to legislate behavior with various carrots and sticks, just like the individual income tax code.

Look at GE, Apple and Microsoft, and how much effort they take to move funds between subsidiaries to avoid taxes.  They even plan exactly which tax-reducing behaviors they'll take a year in advance (green energy, etc).  Why do you think they do that -- because the US tax rate is too low, or that it's high enough that they're incented to swizzle funds between units to minimize their exposure?  Maybe if you brought the rate in-line with the rest of the world, and eliminated loopholes, you'd get the revenues you're looking for.  

Krugman is, as is typical for most publicity hounds, disingenuous when he doesn't address this gap and the fact that businesses have a variety of options on how to report their profits.  Legislating higher business taxes will do exactly one thing - further incent this behavior and drop revenues further.  Brilliant!  No wonder he has a Nobel.

Of course that's not as popular a view as punishing those damned successful companies.  How dare they.  Just like the rich 1%.  We need to fix their little red wagons.

Call me when you progressives actually move to wanting to improve revenues, vs conducting your leftist vendettas. 

Citations:
http://www.aei.org/article/economics/fiscal-policy/taxes/report-card-on-effective-corporate-tax-rates/  -- ignore most of the text, as it is admittedly partisan.  However the table of statutory rates is factual -- http://www.aei.org/files/2011/02/09/TPO-2011-01-Table-1.jpg
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/29/business/apples-tax-strategy-aims-at-low-tax-states-and-nations.html?_r=1&pagewanted=all
http://microsofttaxdodge.com/2012/04/dummies-guide-to-microsofts-nevada-tax-dodge.html
"Sorry, what i meant to say is, companies are moving to Texas for more favorable tax purposes and it has not helped the economy of Texas much, if any. Can you refute that?"

That's pretty much what I said in the first place, except that I have no data on any companies moving to Texas.  And you said nothing about Texas yourself.  Texas employment figures are not that good.

"And yess sirr boss, i;ll get my shitt tagether just for you."

If you want to be taken seriously instead of as a dumb-ass, you should try to at least spell properly.  Mistakes happen, but if you consistently suck at such basic tasks people will treat you like an idiot.
This presumes they have an understanding of how to run a successful business, vs seeing them and higher-income individuals as a source of unlimited funds for social projects.
The problem is profitability.  Undoubtedly demand factors in to this, as does supply, because ultimately those two together establish price and quantity sold.  

And if you can't provide the item or service for less than the price, you don't have profit.  And taxes come straight off the top.  If a good business aims to earn a 10% return, with a 35% tax rate  and no loopholes they actually need to make over 15%.
Kid, I've been saying this since before you were born.
Please don't do number one.  You are right about everything else, but that's just mocking the messenger.  This is digg, not a formal paper.  This is kind of a 'think out loud' place.  I don't want it to become a grammar police place.

Onward.  The Texas economy in macro still sucks.  Why?  If so much business is coming in?  It's because wages in texas are so low.  Average incomes are low so there is little local demand.  This really doesn't hurt the company, they make their products with the cheap labor then sell it in Massachusetts where people can afford it.  But it sucks for Texans, and does little for them locally.
The problem is that there's no easy way to discriminate between small businesses and large within the tax code.  I agree with the sentiment, but anything along this line will just result in more gaming of the system with small subsidiaries to take advantage of the breaks.

Darkstar1st seems to have a better approach - reduce the statutory tax rate to a low rate that is still a bit higher than our effective actual rate, and eliminate the loopholes and incentives.  You will reduce incentive to shelter profits, and improve tax revenues while making the US more competitive for international businesses.
"Yeah. And they had poodle skirts too. None of that makes any difference."

WWII had no impact on global economics?

"We came out of the New Deal with a huge, powerful middle class (a 'spending class' if you will). We had assloads of demand. They spent lots of money, and that drove business. The economy was all internal, there was little import or export."

The New Deal did next to nothing to help the economy. Most economists agree with that. WWII jump started the economy.

"If oversea competition is the only thing that counts, how are they doing it?"

Ahhhh.... moving their businesses overseas.

"You are just wrong. We need to rebuild our middle class, we need universal health care"

I don't need universal health care, I pay for the things I use unlike you.

"That's what our competitors are doing, and it working for them. We have been in Friedmanland for 40 years. Give it up, it flat out doesn't work."

I deplore Friedman. Stop straw manning.
Then I digg that up.  It's all about demand.  Taxes is just something easy and obvious to get the unwashed stirred up.

And I'm 48 now, so...  Damn, you old!  :)
48 and you are still a regressive? Age has not brought you wisdom. Don't feel bad though, most people fall into your category.
You didn't get an answer because they don't like inconvenient questions.

The only path is providing more value per cost than competitive counties.  Either the cost of labor is terribly low, or there's tax incentives that competitors will not match, or the productivity is well above what other countries can provide.

That's why Germany is successful and the rest of Europe is a basket case.  They're the most productive per worker of any of the euro countries, and there are tax incentives for local firms to hire German that outweighs the economic benefit of offshoring manufacturing.  They also have the benefit of having retained most of their supply chain, whereas the US has offshored most of it.  That's why even if Apple wanted to assemble their products in the US, it wouldn't make sense because of the inventories they'd need to stock -- all the components they need are manufactured in the same cities in China where their products are assembled.
Fair enough I guess, but isn't that one of the most common and obvious spelling mistakes on the internet?  I just find this one especially painful.  And yes, I obviously make mistakes all the time.  I just hope that they are not this obvious, cliche, and consistent.
I was with you til the end.  Both sides are lying.  

Neither are serious about holding existing programs to some sort of objective ROI metrics, and neither is willing to point out the obvious -- that the level of government we have been promised is going to cost far more than what the public has been told, and we either need to give up programs, or pony up more money towards them, or both.  

All the sniping about the rich not paying their share, or all the blatant graft and waste in the government are sideshows to distract us from this.  All of our taxes need to go up, or all programs need to be reviewed and scaled back to what we are willing to pay.  Trying to make this someone else's (the rich, the poor, etc) problem just makes the situation worse.
Everyone including corporations seek out any and all tax loopholes until they no longer have a tax burden. Just to  take advantage of them. Not because the tax rate is so high. Krugman noted the "collected tax rate."  Not the actual tax rate. Because of all the loopholes companies can earn far more than they actually pay taxes on. (If their tax accountants did not take advantage of all loopholes they would be guilty of malpractice)

 So you are right about eliminating the loopholes and decreasing the tax rate. However, congress will never do it. Because they have been bought by the special interest's that benefit from the loopholes. 
Again showing we have the best government money can buy!
And that, I have to digg down.  Did you have anything to add to the topic, in this refreshing moment where you are actually correct?
Or even raising revenue, from the sounds of Krugman.
Paul Krugman  is a political hack.
"WWII had no impact on global economics?"

Of course it did.  That doesn't change the fact that all the demand was HERE.  The US was only a global player because it was such a good internal player.  FDR created demand, demand is the drive for supply.  It was an internal economy.  We were the demand and we made the supply to sell to ourselves.  We could also sell over seas, but that was incidental.  Few in Europe could afford our products.  What drove the economy was the American Middle Class, nobody else.

With the rise of the new economic superpowers, things have changed.  Now businesses are cutting their own throats.  They move their manufacturing operations oversea, underpay the labor force (which does NOT help the local economy) and lay off the middle class here in the US (which means fewer of us can afford the products they are making).  The result?  Well, you are looking at it!  Chinese goods are made cheaper and cheaper because we can't afford quality, we have shitty outlets like Wallmart to distribute those lead filled trinkets.  Demand is down, manufacturing is drying up, and the whole economy is tanking.  (Look up the term: "Tragedy of the commons")

And you want to fix it with Tax cuts?  You just said how old you were.  How did you manage to cling to that naivete all these years?

"The New Deal did next to nothing to help the economy. Most economists agree with that."

That is what we call an article of faith.  You have no reasoning to back it up, you just keep repeating it like a mantra.  And very few economist agree with that.  You just don't hear them because your news comes to you pre-vetted.

"Ahhhh.... moving their businesses overseas."

The Chinese are moving their businesses over seas?  So, we move our jobs to China, china moves their jobs to... wherever.  I have this picture of one guy in a slave shop in Singapore making all the products in the world.  You are talking nonsense.

"I don't need universal health care, I pay for the things I use unlike you."

Bullshit.  Tell my you are uninsured and I'll call you a liar to your face.  Stop talking out your ass.  You are either working (and work is paying for your healthcare), you are retired (I'm paying for your healthcare though medicare), or you are neither (and I'm STILL paying for your healthcare because you use the ER and run out on the bill, passing the cost onto me!)

"I deplore Friedman. Stop straw manning."

Good to hear.  Then stop parroting everything the man says.  You are either stupid or uneducated and I don't think you are stupid.  You are just a jackass who likes to bitch at people who are trying to accomplish things.
Being right constantly isn't refreshing, it gets old. I love admitting when I'm wrong because it typically means good news.
Well, good news.  You should be in a near constant state of 'fresh.'
"Let's see. Low taxes, company more money to use. To do what with the money? buy more, invest more in your company to improve, make better, possibly use to hire another worker part time?"

That's the usual rationale provided for corporate tax breaks -- i.e., if we give XYZ, Inc., a tax break, they'll use that extra money to hire more workers.  However, it's just as likely (or if you want to be cynical, it's more likely) that a publicly owned corporation will just kick the money back to its shareholders instead.  Which would boil down to taking money out of the pockets of taxpayers and giving it to investors.
I'm linuxperson's economic and philosophical watchdog. If he's inconsistent somewhere I can find out how. He's usually very bored.
If they are too big to fail, then they are too big to be allowed to exist.  
AT&T was broken up in the 1980s.  Is the phone service better or worse because of all of the extra competition now?
Oh you nuttty progressives, always burying the truth when it doesn't agree with your "tax our way to success" mantra.
Raise tariffs.  Why should we subsidize other countries?  
Also, how about repealing the republicon law that gives tax breaks to corporations that export American jobs?

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/09/28/AR2010092806143.html
It depends on the investment & purpose.
eg.
GM investing in China to build vehicles in China to service the Chinese market & return profits to the US is great for the US economy, as those jobs would likely not go to US workers otherwise.

GM investing in Mexico to build vehicles in Mexico to service the US market & then return profits to the US is not so great for the US economy, as it directly removes jobs that would otherwise exist in the US. With companies this big, the jobs are often better for the country than the profits.
Give the guy a break, he can't afford to pay for ads when his product is free!
This is the sad state of 'popular economics' today. Krugman's statement which supposedly "obliterated" Fiorini is actually proven wrong by the very same publication he writes for...and no one can provide a response other than to bury you, or cite analogies that don't really prove Krugman right in the aggregate, but just show that the system is inherently unfair.
The phrase, "...allowed to exist..." doesn't even register in my lexicon. So long as it/they are legal, then most certainly the person/people/entity has the human right of existence. 
"...Allowed to exist..." is cetainly not for me to judge, nor you. 
What entity permits your existence?
Figures that are only in your fevered brain only count as facts to you little skewsieQ
I love the classic right wing rejoinder: "WWII jump started the economy."

It's like a tacit admittance of Keynes.  All of those  tanks, boats, bombs, guns, etc. weren't made for free.  WWII was just another form of stimulus spending.  Largely destructive, and therefore less ROI, but stimulative nonetheless.
ing.  He's borING.  I'm sure that's what you meant.
"I love the classic right wing rejoinder: "WWII jump started the economy."

If that were the case, we would be booming right now with all the money spent on Iraq/Afghanistan. 

The reason WWII is held up as jumpstarting the economy is that it is a lot easier to have a boom when all your competitors are rebuilding from the stone age, and you're the only one with an intact manufacturing base to supply them with goods to rebuild with.  

So if you think nuking the rest of the first world in order to create jobs is proper and Keynesian, then yeah I guess you're right, we should do it for the job growth.
How are increased taxes horrible if it helps to stimulate an economy?  Money sitting in some corporate or fat cat's bank does nothing to help an economy.  For an economy/nation to prosper it needs a strong middle class--that's a fact.  We can't all be in the upper class--that's just not possible.  Yet the conservatives want to sell this idea that everyone can be in the upper class if they just apply themselves.  I'm sorry, but that's just BS--someone has to take the low paying jobs.  If those low paying jobs are subsidized from money that would otherwise buy yachts, third homes, or sit in savings accounts, the that's far from horrible.  

This idea that money "earned" is their money to keep is based on a botched philosophy.  When you stop and think about how money is really distributed, especially to coperations, the idea of working for your keep goes completely out the door.
It might be helpful in this discussion if somebody would go back to the records from, say 1950 and see what percentage of the economy came from imports and exports (mostly exports).  I don't have the interest in doing it myself, but I will double check if somebody else does.

If the percentage is high, then the right wing myth has a leg to stand on.  If low, then Keynes, FDR and Krugman are all probably correct and all this debate is nothing but politics.
So you would rather have General Mills regulate the food you eat?  Do you think GM favors your health over pleasing their share holders?  You're a fool if you do.

I agree that our bureaucracy if far from efficient.  Though regulation left in the hands of the private industries--who care for nothing more than quarterly earnings--does nothing for us.

This idea that the government needs to stay out of our business is not a new idea.  It was utilized in the past.  Why do you think a child labor act had to eventually be put into place?

Again, government bureaucracy sucks but it's a hell of a lot better than leaving our fate in the hands of profit seeking corporations.
@miklkit: OK, so we need tariffs to make higher wages do something besides send jobs offshore. My next question would be: has a country ever become prosperous through tariffs?

In searching for the answer, I found an interesting write-up from the USDA: "While providing protection to producers, tariffs also raise consumer prices and create more distortions than direct support for producers. Therefore, economists find that policies that directly target the policy objective, such as income transfers to address low incomes, are more effective policy instruments than tariffs (Corden)."

And in regards to your second point: it only seems to make sense, as long as they don't replace it with something worse!
I think obliterates is a tad of an overstatement. While I agree with Krugman on the topic, it's not like he just pulled out a PPT presentation to show the world. The video clip was good, the news article was terrible.
Ron Paul just made this Nobel prize winner look like a fool on Bloomberg. He thinks beurocrats are gods and can manage everything.
Then all we have to do by your astute analysis is print more money and we can consume more. You've just been taught to consume not save or build real capital.
The answer to your question is that these hypothetical tax increases in no way directly correlate to increased labor cost, UNLESS the business owner is passing his tax burden onto his workforce.
"The reason lowering taxes on the rich won't work, is due to the fact that they don't necessarily spend those savings in the first place, and when they do spend them, it's all too often on foreign investments."

It's their money. I don't tell you how you should spend your money. Why the double standard?

"Corporate greed is the problem. No matter how wide the profit margin is, they will always want more."

The only thing I have a problem with is corporate status, otherwise I don't see the problem. Everybody wants to add more value to their lives.
Government is a profit seeking entity on par with a corporation, because it holds the monopoly on granting corporate status. It takes the profits of others to function, but without producing something people want on a voluntary basis.
I'm old enough to remember when it went to shit under Nixon. Then i've watched all of these years go by as the radical right has tried to whitewash the criminal actions of that President, by conveniently pretending modern history started in 1980. There is no depths of shit deep enough that a Republican won't slither through.
It's all still politics as it refers to government financial schemes. The submission indicates this is a setup to a partisan political discussion, not an economic one.
And pig has nothing to contribute.  Noted.  Anybody have anything useful to say?

Could you at least digg it back up so that others might see?
Based on your comment history, it would appear that you hate corporations and rich people on a class warfare basis, but ironically you also hate foreign immigrant workers by your perception that you believe people can be illegal and they undercut your quality of life, and yet they tend to have things worse off than you. Way to fight for the little guy there!

Apparently the law should be followed, unless you don't like the law in which case it should be changed to do what you want.
Yeah.  Like you.
Anyone ever heard of a "victory garden"? WWII was not a time of consumer-driven prosperity; it was a time of shortages of everything, even food.

"A better grounded interpretation is that during the war the economy was a huge arsenal in which the well-being of consumers deteriorated. After the war genuine prosperity returned for the first time since 1929."

http://www.independent.org/newsroom/article.asp?id=138

I (and probably anyone who was there at the time) don't consider a period of extremely high government spending and shortages & rationing as an example of economic prosperity, but that's the kind of ridiculous conclusion you get when looking at just a few numbers without considering other major relevant factors (like treating wartime, reconstruction, and peacetime as the same) - something I doubt Keynes would have done but Keynesians tend to do.
Digg what back up? I did not bury your post, hypocrite.
That was pretty good, Krugman just continued spouting the failed policies that keep dragging us further down. At least RP wants improvement to time tested methods, Krugman appears to want the status quo.
Walter Russel Mead at The American Interest has written extensively about the inferiority of the Blue Social Model in the 21st Century.  Its good stuff.

If we want to "progress" we are going to have to accept the fact that the world is a significantly different place now than it was 60, 50, even 20 years ago.  The Blue Social Model will NOT work in the 21st century.  If we want to progress, we will have to come up with a new social model (nothing like the republicans and democrats have to offer).  If we dont come up with something new, we will fall far behind the emerging powers.

Advances in telecommunications, travel, technology etc killed the old social model.  Its not necessary anymore.  It flat out wont work in today's world.  The fake progressives are in for a real eye opener.
History has looked kindly on Nixon and I bet that drives you batshyte crazy, eh little skewsieQ?
"Looks the same as the first time i watched it, He states, lowering taxes on the rich does not work, but does not say why."

First of all, it's tough to prove a negative.  The proper question would be "How does lowering the taxes on the rich work?"  If the answer turns out to be "It doesn't." then that's the end of the debate.

We know it DOESN'T work because the rich are not a significant contributer to the over all demand of the economy.  If you sell a product to a rich man at a fixed price, you get no more 'bang' out of than selling it to a poor or middle class man.  Lets say we are buying a large widget (a car or something).  If it's priced at $100, you have $100 dollars of value no matter who you sell it to.  Being rich doesn't help or hurt.  But, it you lower wages so that ONLY the rich can afford a $100 widget, then only the rich will buy them.  You've lower the number of widget units you are going to move to the maximum of rich people you have.  If you are a tiny nation of 100 people, then only, say 15% or 15 can afford a widget (for this example, we'll assume everyone automatically wants one).  Any money above $100 that those guys have is just sitting there.  It's not contributing.  Now, raise the wages of everyone in your tiny nation.  Now the middle class can afford a widget too.  If 50% of the population is the middle class, you can now sell widgets to 65% of the population.  The increase in demand increases your income by a factor of more than three!  And to build those extra widgets, you need more workers, who you'll pay well, keeping them in the middle class and buying the new models of the same widgets in 5 years when the ones they purchased today wear out.

Long story short, the rich can already afford the widget.  Cutting their taxes, raising the income...  Anything simply has no effect on the macro system.  It's literally doing nothing.  In fact it's hurting because those taxes have to come from somewhere, and that means the already depressed middle class.  It's going in exactly the wrong direction.
LOL, and you!
LOL  re: "hold his breath."
"Everybody wants to add more value to their lives."

This is a true statement.

However, some people want to add value to their lives through hard work and by providing a service or product other people want and need and some people add more value to their lives by stealing from the productive people.  They use the tax code to steal and redistribute what creative people have earned.

In other words, some people create value that benefits themselves and everyone else.  Some people only create value for themselves at the expense of others.
@ericschc1, I realize I am sort of deviating from the main topic, but I was replying to a post about wages & off-shoring, not just these hypothetical tax increases.
@T0PGEAR, So all we have is each of us finding contradictory information. I live there, i am very astute about business here, and yes, many companies have or are leaving California for more favorable tax purposes, not just to Texas, but Arizona, OR and Utah. It happens all over the country, in every state. Business are loured all the time by tax breaks. 

Texas has one of the fastest growing high tech communities for businesses.

It still has not done much, if anything to improve the economy of Texas.
Actually, Graf is wrong.  You didn't get an answer because it was a stupid question.  One of the main reasons these jobs are going overseas is because the demand for product is so depressed that it become worth the temporary price of abandoning your factory here in the US and investing in re-building it over seas.  Had we just kept the value of labor up, demand wouldn't drop and that would never have been a smart business move.  Once we put Reagan in office (and I was one of the ones who voted for him, this is not a political position) we were done.  Ross Perot was right on that one.

What is the overall solution?  I'm not sure.  It's easier to keep your house from burning down than it is to try to glue the ashes back together.  I suspect some ugly things are on the horizon, like various forms or terrifs and protectionism.
If youre an individual, and most of you are, and youre shopping for groceries, do you shop where the cost of groceries is lower or higher?

Personally, I shop where groceries are higher so I dont have to shop with poor people, but most of you probably shop at the cheaper grocery stores.  Why? Could it be because you want your money to buy as much as you can possibly buy with it? 

Why do you view your spending behavior as being different than the spending behavior of a business?  Arent business run by humans that make similar economic decisions as you make every day in your life?

I just remodeled my office.  I did it because I had extra cash laying around with nothing to do.  If the government confiscates that extra cash, I dont get to employ Mr. Gonzalez and his son to come paint my office.  If the government takes that money, Mr. Gonzalez and his family suffer.  You dont hate mexicans do you?  Why would you want to punish Mr. Gonzalez and his family by taking more money from me?
Somebody did.  I just assumed.  Sorry.
@elimgarak, Wrong, i never stated i sold my farm, just plowed 20 acres last week for summer crops, another 80 acres are growing like wildfire. Will be planting more this week.

I basically have no higher education to speak of, did go to SMU for almost 2 years studying law, but dropped out due to lack of funds.

And yes, i do yield close to double what a chemical feed farm grosses, this is the only way i could afford to give half our crops away to food banks in the surrounding states.

And thanks again for the spelling correction.
"Anyone ever heard of a "victory garden"? WWII was not a time of consumer-driven prosperity; it was a time of shortages of everything, even food."

I have.  And you are right.  Thank God we had already mended out industry to the point that when we lost 90% of our pacific fleet at the very beginning of the war, we could rebuild it in less than a year.

You are parroting the right wing myth that it was all about WWII, but you are right, it was a shitty economic time.  The grow times were just before and for a long time after.  Far from the 'solution' to our problems, as the right would have it, it put a huge dent in the speed of our recovery.  Had it not happened, among the many other, much more important things that wouldn't have happened, our economy might have exploded even further though the fifties.
@elimgarak, And i was agreeing with you, sorry you took that the wrong way.

I wasn't taken seriously by you in the first place. Golly Gee, make a mistake in the terminology i used. Your, You're, who cares. This is not a graded test by the professor. I have one hand to type with, i don't really care if the terminology is 100% accurate.

You clearly understood the meaning of You Are, but not the rest of it????????????
Who pays 45%?  

This bullshit argument that we have the highest tax rate is unjustly founded.

They tax code has been lined with poison pills to allow companies like apple to pay 8% and claim that they have a 35% corporate tax rate so they can make it lower and inject more poison pills at the same time.

eliminate ALL loopholes, lower it to 25% (which I am sure is way more than they pay now to generate revenue).  You want it lower, republicans?  Find, make it 15% and put up tariffs.

If I hear one more person bitch about corporate tax rate I am gonna puke.
To steal from Jeff Foxworthy:

You might be a liberal moron if:

you believe this shit.
rogue, you'll only think I'm parroting right-wing dogma if you can't see anything but left and right.

I never said it was  "all about WWII". To say it was not at all about WWII is also incorrect. We had shipbuilding capacity because we'd been building ships for allies the previous years.

Post-WWII is a different discussion. One thing I've always considered unrecognized is how the New Deal programs affected infrastructure beyond the 1930s. I don't recall where I read it (probably The Economist, since I subscribe), but many of those programs built the 'infrastructure of the future' - paved roads and massive electrical & agricultural capacity. There is a great PBS series (America Revealed) that showed aerial surveys in the mid-1930's and today, and what was still desert then is feeding America now, thanks to the California Aquifer project as a basis of progress. This may provide a good lesson in how we spend infrastructure funds today...spend it on the needs of the next century, rather than the last.
I did find some links and posted the, but Digg screwed up the formatting so bad that it was unreadable.

Basically exports were at about 4% of GDP from 1930 to 1970. GDP rose significantly between 1950 and 1970, so it was a percentage of an ever-growing amount. Federal spending as a percent of GDP was relatively flat during that time.

I'm sure you'll interpret this (as anything) as validation of Krugman. Not being a true believer, I take it as one factor in many - but it does seem to invalidate the notion of post-war US exporting as the sole cause of growth.
I'd listen to Peter Schiff over this bozo any day!
1.  Does this mean there are extra loopholes that they are just not choosing to use?

2. Will reducing the tax rate encourage them to want to spend more on taxes because they will no longer hire accountants to optimize their expenses?
@darkstar1st link to new GM plants post 2009 please.
2+2 does not equal 4 for this guy. He makes the least amount of sense out of anyone on the panel and has no business skills compared to most of the rest of the panel.  I guess because he started by kissing Obama's ring piece is why he is being hailed on Digg. The ex CEO of Hewlett Packard know quite a bit more about business than this overrated fool!
yeah cause all the low taxes we've had so far has really encouraged them to stay.  You need mommy to check under your bed for the boogeyman?
im not sure inadvertently making yourself the running joke is considered a sense of humor.
Steeper taxes = steeper efforts to evade taxes. Duh. Anybody who says he wants to be taxed more is lying to you.
'it would appear that you hate corporations and rich people on a class warfare basis, but ironically you also hate foreign immigrant workers by your perception that you believe people can be illegal and they undercut your quality of life, and yet they tend to have things worse off than you. Way to fight for the little guy there!.'

And when did you or any other republickin' give a damned about the "little guy"?
Paul Krugman "obliterates the myyth"...

HAHAHAHA 
 

Paul Krugman has promoted more myths than the Brothers Grimm.
You are in for a shock.  I didn't even read the article.  I know what Krugman is going to say.  Just like we know what Hannity is going to say.  I don't know if it vindicates this article or not.  I don't really care, I don't read people like this.  But when the topic comes up, I like to push some sense into it if I can.

I don't find the data surprising.  It kind of fits what what I understand of how things works, but I'm not naive enough to think it's that simple.  Economics is like the weather, there are too many variables for a dead accurate forecast, but you can predict general trends, if you think about it and don't get suckered by politics.  Much as you, I take take as a significant data point.  But I do think it's closer to the heart of the matter than anything else.  Will tax cuts help in some cases?  Sure.  Keynes himself advocated targeted tax cuts.  But I am convinced Keynes was on to something, and people like Friedman and all those old Austrian School people are not.  Still, as long as it's  reasoned argument not a red faced screed, I'll listen.  No promise on agreement, but I'll surely listen.
You must be reading a different history.  Nixon was criminal scum.  He is the most reviled president in history.

However, he was not the worst.  He wasn't in the Andrew Johnson, Ronald Reagan, G.W. Bush league.  But he is the most reviled, and the most corrupt, un-domocratic and un-American.
Paul Krugman Proves That In A Trillion Dollar Economy, He Can Root Around In Statistics And Prove Whatever Lefty Bullshit He Wants.

You're welcome.
Yeah, and for thirty fraking years the economy boomed.
Until the bomb the Democrats lit in the early 90s finally blew up.
The year it crashed, wasn't that when the Democrats finally got control of the purse strings again?
When Dwight was president, the rest of the world had just been destroyed.
Almost every factory in the world had just been destroyed.
Of course our industry boomed.  We had almost no competition in the whole world.
I never saw that show, but I know it's true.  Everyone was Keynesian up to the mid-60's.  Even the Republicans.  Johnson blew it with guns and butter.  You can't keep up the Keynesian system and threw endless money down a rat-hole like Vietnam.  No system could sustain a drain like that.  That's how we lost in the end - same way the Soviets lost in Afghanistan.  Even Nixon was pretty Keynesian.  It wasn't till Reagan came along and tried to convince us the problem was the system, not the way we were hemorrhaging money on foreign adventurism.  That's where we went wrong, and we've never recovered since.
Both companies need sales to please their shareholders. If General Mill produces inferior products you will not buy them and they will go out of business. Same with GM or at least it would have been if they were not bailed out by the government. You cannot make sustained profits if you do not produce quality product at reasonable price. Look at all of the changes in leaders in the cell phone industry. Every time a  company stops  producing the best phone another company takes the lead and become the ones making the biggest profit.
The only thing that Paul Krugman has ever obliterated is the truth and common sense.  Auto-buried for politicsusa spam and Krugman fanboy BS.
Not untrue, just not true enough.  If you sell enough profit, the taxes just don't matter.  You are looking at money instead of value (which is understandable, that is the meme of the moment), but the value is in the product, not the money.
Given these companies have full time teams devoted to minimizing tax exposure, I'd imagine they're using any and all loopholes they can.  So close the loopholes simultaneous to cutting the rate to near actual levels.  Give up the fiction of our current statutory rate.

If the US statutory tax rates were brought down to competitive levels (perhaps undercutting some or most of our 1st world peers), I am suggesting that the payoff from investing in these tax avoidance strategies would decrease to the point they'd no longer be attractive.  

There's a cost to these byzantine corporate organizations -- including internal opportunities for fraud, having to track tax trends in multiple localities, and surplus unproductive staffing.  Compare that with the certainty and simplicity of paying a couple of percentage points above what they currently are spending -- I would bet most companies would love to streamline their operations.

The tax revenues go up, companies can focus their staffing on actually making products, and the US looks pretty attractive for firms to set up shop (as it would be a low tax, high productivity, highly educated location).  Win-win-win.  

Except of course for the newly unemployed tax specialists.
allowed to exist needs to be added to your lexicon.  Marijuana farms don't exist because they are not allowed to exist.  There is zero reason the government can't declare something illegal.  They better have a good reason for it, but if they do, then they should have at it.  There is good reason to rein back huge corporations.
@improvised - Have you ever taken a economics class. There is a concept called the multiplier effect. It happens when someone puts their money in a bank. The bank does not just sit on that money. They loan the money out to either individuals purchasing goods and services or businesses expanding or purchasing capital equipment. The companies that supply the goods and service hire people and those people spend money and so on and so forth. The same thing also happens if that fat cat uses the money to purchase a yacht. Someone has to build the yacht, someone has to sell it, someone accounts for the money. All of these endeavors are more efficient than giving the money to the government to redistribute.
Everyone agrees that Jimmah was the worst.  Nixon made a comeback toward the end of his live with both historians and the news media extolling him for things like opening ties with China and ending the Vietnam was.
Now list what rates he was talking about moving from & too......
@skew - The economy was fine until the oil embargo in 1973. Nixon was never known as a conservative even . though he was a republican. So instead of letting the market handle the drop in supply he tried price controls and rationing, which never works. 

To give you some idea of just how liberal Nixon was Bill Clinton asked his advice on healthcare reform.

Carter did a much worse job when he ran into a bad economy he tried to fix it controlling the money supply and managed to create stagflation. This had never happened before ever. Stagflation is inflation with a stagnant economy.
Agreed. 

I do want to add that 35% corporate tax rate is the top tax rate. It's similar to federal income taxes in that it is not a flat tax. Most large business in the US pay around 22-26%...which is basically the middle of the road in comparison to wealthy industrialized nations. It's BS when you hear large corporations (or individuals that are misinformed) talk about the 35% corporate tax. 

You know who does pay 35%? The mid size companies that make enough profit to put them in the top bracket but not enough to hire lobbyist.
Very well put. But unfortunately, as long as certain people or groups think something works when in fact it doesn't, we won't be able to concentrate on finding out what does.
It's NOT because of income taxes. Of those states with no income taxes, ENERGY is a big factor in half of them or a combination of energy and low population. And those that don't produce large energy are not doing as well with jobs.

Texas: 1st in oil production, 1st in natural gas production
Alaska: 2nd in oil (4th smallest population  - per capita, very high oil prod)
Wyoming: 1st in coal, 2nd in natural gas, 8th oil (has smallest population -- so per capita, they are off the roof) 

Also on the list

Florida - 8.6% unemployment
Nevada - 11.9% unemployment
NH - 5.6%, 9th smallest population
SD - 4.9%, 5th smallest population
Tennessee - 8.1% unemployment
Washington - 8.8% unemployment


So from the list of 9 states, 3 have the highest production of energy with 2 of them having very small populations. Of the remaining 6, 4 of them have around the national average or higher in unemployment. The two that don't....they are among the smallest states in populations. 


It appears from the list of 9 states, energy (top 3 producing) and small population (4 of the 9 smallest) are the biggest factor in population growth.
I'm well aware of the multiplier effect and after running my own business for the last 10 years I've come to realize that it works a hell of a lot better in the hands of the masses, not the few.  When 500 people can buy a cell phone, it does a lot more for an economy than the purchase of 1 yacht.  The multiplier effect also applies to the government.  And while you're correct that banks do lend money, that's not always the case.  They too can produce dividends and invest in other areas (i.e., stocks and commodities), but--more importantly--banks need to have a lot of "cash on hand" so that money gets tied up.  Moreover, I used the term "bank accounts" above when I should have used the term "portfolio" which includes many other speculative and or foreign investments.  And please don't forget off shore bank accounts which many wealthy individuals take advantage of.  Those do nothing for our economy.

As a business owner, I wanted to buy into the idea of trickle down economics and the multiplier effect (as it applies to the wealthy) because I hated paying the IRS (I still do).  Though I've also come to realize the pure laissez faire economics just doesn't work.
What are you talking about? His 'good' years were only 'good' relative to 2007/2008. 

He was handed 4% unemployment (it was still as low as 4.1% in the spring of 2001) and a budget surplus. What did he do? He turned that $236B surplus into a deficit by his first full year, and $412B deficit by 2004. Unemployment was over 6% for 2002-mid2004 and over 5% through 2006. 

Any 'growth' we saw was helped by him charging it on the nations credit card by creating large debt during non-recession times.
It's not the same.  We don't vote for CEO's.
The democrats didn't take the house/senate until Jan 2007.  Their first budget they pass is the FY2008. The recession started Dec 2007. The FY2007 budget was passed by the 109th congress...controlled by the Republicans with a Republican president. 

How again is it the Democrats were at fault by controlling the purse strings? Yeah, I thought so.
Sales and quality products don't always equate to what's best for a consumer.  Lucky Strike might produce great cigarettes but they're still killing their customers.  And that's not to say that I think people shouldn't have the right to buy cigarettes if they want to.  But do you really think Lucky Strike would warn their customers if they didn't have to?  In fact, they and other tobacco companies have spent billions over the last half century in an attempt to NOT warn their customers and fight the ACS.  As I said above, the government is not very efficient and far from perfect, but there has to be something in place to regulate corporations.
lol.. that's a good one.
Are you suggesting that I'm a republican? Is that your way of deflecting the issue?
bwiii's distinction appears to be an ethical individualist one concerning the sentiment that one must have permission to exist, to which he argued that nobody should have the authority to judge one's right to exist, setting aside the matter of anybody having the absolute power to reshape existence itself.

It is certainly not in ignorance to the fact that some men make laws to declare themselves an authority to deny things like Marijuana farms. The only thing I am uncertain about is how bwiii defines 'legal', without any context to go on.

Whether or not I have a reason to like or dislike a thing, I still have a code of ethics which tells me that what you do is your business so long as it does initiate harm towards others. The extension of do no harm is to mitigate harm where it arises. And since idealism tends to give way to utility in application, if you do harm I might either not know about it or I might not have the capacity to respond, but on principle I object.

Corporate status should be done away with altogether, but that implies a detoothing of the system. If you intent to get rid of institutionalized harm in the form of corporatism it should be done all or nothing.
If you consider the shape of the world after WW2, then you could say that the war improved the infrastructure footing of the US in some ways, but only relative to the hardship of other nation states, but I would invoke Bastiat and ask the reader to consider that those resources could have gone on to build more lasting products, economic growth, and more value. There's no telling what could have been, but we know for certain that many men died in that war and their productive lives were cut short. What is seen and what is not seen.
Heavy lifting.
"This is a true statement."

Well, I should say that some people are mentally unstable and might not, but in general it is true.

And not all value is 'material' in the way some use the term. Even then people labor physically to afford the creation of 'psychic' value, or to spend time with their families/children/friends.

This is real economics. It is a social science based around a core understanding of value theory.
And I don't vote to tell you how to live your life. Point being??

The government doesn't make voluntary exchanges, but businesses and people do under the common acceptance of a convention known as property.
But is that something you want to do? My freedom to make value judgments is not something you can vote away, as it is based on having a property/authority over my own person. Is voting the only recourse available to you to correct for a problem?
600 million cars

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-17271118

There are an estimated 600 million cars in the world, a figure that's rapidly growing, especially in China and other "emerging markets".
Forgive me for implying that higher taxes are the only cause of companies moving out a country.  If it is significantly cheaper to do business in another country, the company will move, and a lot of things can drive the cost of business in a country.  Taxes are a part of the costs, but not the only one.  There also could be minimum wage hikes, union demands, tighter environmental restrictions, new healthcare laws, hikes in energy costs, etc.
But hey, raise taxes all you want. California has tried the high tax/high regulation route.  How is that working out? From a recent WSJ article:

Mr. Kotkin lists four "growth corridors": the Gulf Coast, the Great Plains, the Intermountain West, and the Southeast. All of these regions have lower costs of living, lower taxes, relatively relaxed regulatory environments, and critical natural resources such as oil and natural gas.

Take Salt Lake City. "Almost all of the major tech companies have moved stuff to Salt Lake City." That includes Twitter, Adobe, eBay and Oracle. 

Then there's Texas, which is on a mission to steal California's tech hegemony. Apple just announced that it's building a $304 million campus and adding 3,600 jobs in Austin. Facebook established operations there last year, and eBay plans to add 1,000 new jobs there too.

Even Hollywood is doing more of its filming on the Gulf Coast. "New Orleans is supposedly going to pass New York as the second-largest film center. They have great incentives, and New Orleans is the best bargain for urban living in the United States. It's got great food, great music, and it's inexpensive."

http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702304444604577340531861056966.html
Microsoft eyes tablet lift via Barnes & Noble deal --- 

http://digg.com/newsbar/mynews/microsoft_eyes_tablet_lift_via_barnes_noble_deal_1
RIM's strategy may be risky business --- 

http://digg.com/newsbar/topnews/rim_s_strategy_may_be_risky_business
Exactly where was the obliteration? Oh right, the obliteration was an "i'm right, you're wrong" disagreement that lasted 30 seconds. 10 minutes to listen to an almost unintelligible disagreement between 2 idiots, Great.
And yet Ireland has attracted businesses from all over the world to set up in their country and Greece hasn't.

What's the difference? Much lower taxes in Ireland.

Krugman is slimy little weasel.
Oh, and that should read 'does NOT initiate harm towards others'. For some reason Digg ignored my edit.
As a business owner you are really only looking at anecdotal evidence. Not to mention that is looking from a micro economic perspective and the multiplier effect is a macro economic concept.

There really is no difference between someone buying a yacht from a company that employs 500 people and giving 500 people money to buy a cell phone. On your second point bank do have to maintain a reserve of cash, but in most banks that is around 3% the rest is loaned out. If you are talking about direct investment portfolio that has an obvious multiplier effect even many foreign companies have a presence in America therefor employ Americans. Finally over the last few years the United State Government has strong armed most of the countries of the world into reporting money deposited in foreign banks taking away the tax advantage of keeping your money in a foreign bank, not to mention the currency exchange risk you take keeping your money in a foreign bank.

It simply is always better when money is not filtered through the government.
"Are you suggesting that I'm a republican?"

Absolutely! You are a party line voter, this is obvious from your posts.

"Is that your way of deflecting the issue?"

What issue? All you can come with is silly remarks like " it would appear that you hate corporations and rich people on a class warfare basis"

and
"Apparently the law should be followed, unless you don't like the law in which case it should be changed to do what you want."

Facts are few and far between on your posts.
In this thread alone you've used stereotypes about 'the rich' and how they manage their money to the point that you believe you know best how to spend it and would like to see it taken from them by force. You have also made generalizations about corporations as 'greedy' to imply a vice if not a crime and characterized immigrants in texas as 'illegal' in association with your criticism of corporations moving for economic opportunities. All of this leads me to conclude that you're fixated on class warfare/wealth redistribution and you have conflicting positions concerning economic disparity as applies to your nationalist sentiments. 

I used your own comments as the basis of my criticism. If I cannot rely on your statements as evidence then don't bother posting at all.

Accusing me of being a republican gave you the excuse to project onto me a position that I don't support, which was a defensive reaction on your part to deflect away from a challenge to your positions. Take your own advice and try using facts. 

I do not vilify people for being rich or poor. There is nothing inherently criminal about one's financial status. It is the means with which it is obtained which determines this, namely voluntary exchange vs involuntary.
Small businesses do.
Giving money to investors?  What a horrible thought!  Jesus you are crazy.
You have to lay off the corporate fat cat thing.  It doesn't exist.  

And the idea that money earned is money to keep is real and true.  I earn my money, doesn't mean your greasy hands get a part of my money just because you exist.
the new "I've got a secret"   folks one of our panel is telling the truth. . . .clue;
the only guy with any credibility is the Nobel prize winner: Paul Krugman the rest  of them are working on supposition, daily horoscopes, and conservative's talking points.they're there to fill seats and time for a pay check. . were this not so sad it would be funny. . .
I'm not sure what in the world you're blabbering about.  I'm just talking about taxes.  You're talking about regulations?  Ok, well, that is an entire different topic and I'm sure we could go on for hours on that one.
It is not that cut and dry, but if you get a tax break you should have to earn it, say any company that hires 100new workers in Detroit Mi gets some points shaved off. his rate. or starts up in any depressed city gets points shaved... taxes stay the same or higher otherwise. if we just lower taxes for someone for nothing why would they do anything?
First of all, I don't see the need for the personal insults here.  I didn't agree with you but I didn't insult you or make it personal.  We're talking about corporate tax breaks here -  really nothing to get personal about, and if you do, you're taking things waaay too seriously.  It's amazing how people lose any sense of basic manners on the Internet simply because they're not face to face with someone.  I'm sure your parents didn't raise you that way.  Grow up and get some class.

Second - when you give *taxpayer* money to corporate shareholders, yes, that is horrible.  And that's what a tax break is: the government is telling a corporation that it doesn't have to pay x amount - say, for example, $25 million.  That amount then needs to be made up elsewhere.  Guess where?  Individual taxpayers like you and me, who are asked to make up the shortfall.  At the end of that quarter, let's say that corporation posts earnings of $35 million.  $25 million of that came from its tax debt that was forgiven and made up by others.  You just subisidized that corporation's earnings with taxpayer money.  You really don't have a problem with that?
First of all, I don't see the need for personal insults here.  I didn't agree with you - actually, I partially did agree with your point but was also raising a counterpoint - but I didn't feel the need to call you crazy, nor did I otherwise insult you or make it personal.  We're talking about corporate tax breaks here -  really nothing to get personal about, and if you do, you're taking things waaay too seriously.  It's sad that people like you can't have an intelligent debate, a difference of opinion or an exchange of ideas without getting childish.  And it's amazing how brave people get and how easily they lose any sense of basic manners on the Internet simply because they're not face to face with someone.  I doubt you were raised that way.  Grow up, get some class and get a life.

Second - when you give *taxpayer* money to corporate shareholders, yes, that is horrible.  And that's what a tax break is.  The government is telling a corporation that it doesn't have to pay a portion of its tax liability.  The corporation gets to keep its cash and individual taxpayers make up the shorftfall.  In other words, the government is subsidizing the corporation's profits with taxpayer money.  To put it another way, the government is redistributing taxpayer wealth to corporations.

By way of example: Let's say a corporation owes $25 million in taxes at the end of the year.  It's then given tax breaks at a total value of $10 million.  That $10 million shortfall then needs to be made up elsewhere.  Guess where?  Individual taxpayers like you and me.  Now, at the end of the fiscal year, the corporation posts earnings of $35 million.  Remember that $10 million?  That came out of our pockets.  The government just "redistributed" $10 million of our wealth to Acme, Inc.  It's no different than if the government had simply collected the corporation's full taxes and then wrote it a $10 million check, with taxpayer money.

You really don't have a problem with that?
Hmm, then why has economic growth never been as high as it was during Kennedy and Johnson's terms?
Well I just have to tell you that you're insane because only insane people think like that.  Investors get a return on their investment instead of taking "money out of the pockets of taxpayers"!  That is about the most insane comment in the history of comments ever made on digg.
Yes, from a marginal rate of 91% to 70%.  However, his tax cut was aimed more towards the demand, rather than the supply, side of the economy.   It reduced tax withholding rates, initiated a new standard deduction, and boosted the top deduction for child care expenses, among other provisions.

This is why Obama supported tax cuts like the payroll tax cuts instead of keeping the Bush decreases in the marginal rates.
If I'm wrong, tell me *why* I'm wrong, don't just tell me that I'm wrong.  That adds nothing to the debate.

I think you just don't understand tax breaks, what they are or how they work.  Either that, or you're being deliberately obtuse.

*Of course* investors (hopefully) get a return on their investment.  Basic economics.  No argument or issue there.

But what we're talking about here is not the  investment/profit model of publicly owned corporations.  What we're talking about is tax breaks.

When a corporation gets a tax break, and that corporation then uses its savings not to reinvest in the company or to hire more workers but instead merely adds those savings to its earnings, that is taking money out of taxpayers' pockets and that is a problem.  It's the government rebating to the corporation money that is/was paid by citizens, allowing the corporation to shirk its share of the tax debt and keep the cashwhile forcing citizens to make up the difference.

Let's try another example.  You and I share an apartment.  The rent is $1000/month, so we are responsible for paying $500 each.  However, because the landlord wants to do me a favor -- maybe he likes my sister, or he wants to borrow my car, or whatever -- he tells me I only have to pay him $250 this month.  But he's still going to want his full $1000.  So where do you think that other $250 is going to come from?  Landlord says he'll make that other $250 up by making you pay it (who knows, maybe he's a really big guy or has mob connections).  So while I get away with paying $250, you end up paying $750.  The result is no different than if we each paid our $500, then the landlord took an extra $250 from you and gave it to me; he writes me a check and I put it in my pocket.  Either way, what the landlord has just done is to take an extra $250 from you and give it to me.  How are you going to feel about that?  Are you honestly going to say that you approve of that?

Because that's what happens with a tax break:  someone gets to pay less, and someone else has to pay more to make up the difference.
Group dynamic does not inhibit individual outside of said group from discovering solution.
The six good years were an inflating bubble followed by three years of hemorrhaging jobs that completely negated those gains when the bubble popped. Obama had one year of slowing the aforementioned flood of lost jobs followed by two years of putting people back to work. How hopelessly fucked in the head do you have to be to somehow try and compare the two?
I shouldn't have to explain this to you, and to be quite honest I don't know why I bother trying. But economic policy doesn't take effect overnight genius. Even the recovery act, which had measures designed to take effect as quickly as possible, took close to a year to truly kick in and put people back to work. The economy went down the shitter due in part to policies that were signed into law in 2000; to attribute the economy tanking to Democrats taking over at approximately the same time is beyond ignorant.
I refuse to explain myself because I shouldn't have to explain that what you said is beyond wrong and just, it's wrong!  You have to get that!

Your whole argument is based around that fact that a corporation "owes" something.  No one owes you shit.
You appear to be confusing "not as bad as Bush" for "good" there stevo. You also appear to be batshit nuts and morally bankrupt to boot.

But hey, don't take my word for it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_rankings_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States 
Note incidentally that President Carter ranks higher than both of your heroes as well.
Profitability doesn't happen without demand there genius. Good try though.
My two thumbs up for this article, good job and congratulations
Exactly! Businesses live and die by one thing and one thing only - demand. I don't care if your tax rate is 0%, no demand = no sales = no need for employees.

The only business that should have tax avoidance / reduction as part of their business plan is an Accounting business.
"Citation needed. "

Are you fucking kidding me?  Citation needed?  I think 'eyes need opened' is what is really needed.

Citation needed.  Unbelievable.

The sky is blue.
Citation needed.

Dumbass.
"Everyone agrees that Jimmah was the worst."

Yes.  I'm sure you and your dog believe that.  So if you keep the circle of 'everybody' down to you two, then everyone knows that.

Of course, if you expand everybody to people who know history, it's pretty much unanimous.  The worst president in history was Andrew Johnson (R-Tenn: 1865 to 1869).  We are still suffering from his arrogance, stupidity and mind-numbingly bad policy.
If Jimmah had just stopped the Russians from invading Afg. then we wouldn't be in the mess we're in now would we.
"And yet the economy thrived under a lot higher actual tax rate when this guy"

That's true.  And something we've forgotten.  Eisenhower was a republican.  He was also a firm Keynesian, built the highways and continued the upward trend of our economy though out his presidency.  Ike could not run as a Republican today, aside from the obvious reasons that his IQ is too high, he would be left of most democrats today, and certainly left of the sitting president.  I think it was Ike who was quoted as saying: "We are all Keynesians now."  Would that we still were.  It was also he, not some uber-pinko who coined the phrase: "Military-Industrial Complex."
I love the 'Obama is a socialist' meme.  I wish he was a socialist!  We have watered that term down to a pretty palatable thing.  But Obama doesn't even fit in the new, watered version of socialist.  He's BARELY even a Democrat.
Well, that and Ireland doesn't paralyze a business owner with an amazing amount of "progressive" regulations.

Was listening to an NPR story about the Euro crisis yesterday, and one of the speakers was mentioning that in a recent stay, she was at a cafe/bookstore in Athens.  She noticed that a) any coffee orders meant that the waitress had to leave the cafe, and purchase the drink at a different cafe a few doors down, and that while the bookstore was opened late (for the coffee drinkers), they couldn't sell books past 6PM.  The reason for both was  government regulations -- bookstores aren't permitted to sell books past 6, and the owner could not get a license to sell coffee. The owner had tried buying a coffee machine and giving it away for free, and that wasn't allowed either.

It was an extremely interesting discussion of just how calcified some of the euro country markets are, and why we should be very deliberate about what types of regulations we want to import.  

The anecdote, and rest of the discussion on the Euro crisis, is here:

http://economistmeg.com/2012/02/27/note-from-athens-feeling-on-the-ground-has-palpably-changed/

I'd add that he's a self-aggrandizing weasel.
All you've done is advocate different loopholes for different taxpayers. This is why our tax code is 400billion pages long.  Now you're thinking like a congressman!
Your loopholes would add to the clusterfuck of tax law, just as the current loopholes (or, preferences, if you prefer) do no good, but only serve to confound and give leverage to those wise enough to execute the required paper-maneuvers to jump through the loopholes.
This is fucking hilarious.  Last time I checked, the U.S. and Hong Kong are the top two easiest places to start a business.  And also, I thought EVERYONE knows that the U.S. has the highest *hypothetical* corporate tax rate.  Carly Fiorina knows it, I'm sure.

I'm someone currently cutting through some pretty thick red tape trying to start a brewery.  I'm one of those small businesspeople these fucking hobknobs love to praise but in reality don't give a shit about.  In case you haven't figured it out yet, small businesses are more often times the enemy of big businesses, and who do you think Fiorina, Romney, or any of these jack-offs represent?  Many businesses love regulations, because they allow them to continue getting rich without the threat of emerging competition.  Don't believe me?  I don't fucking care.
All of those local family businesses are all on eBay & Amazon, or eCrater or Bluejay or the like now, too many hoops to jump through as a small business. I once was one of them, I decided it wasn't worth it, I am so glad I am my own Man now, the only person I have to provide health care for is me and my family, No worries about 10 dollar Min wage either. if you hassle people to much, they will will avoid the pain. and move on.

Kind of what eBay is doing now with the small sellers. Many will just avoid the pain and leave eBay behind.
In the 90s we still had plenty of local family run businesses, those were the backbone of America.
Oh yeah, says the guy that anyone the right of Karl Marx is some sort of capitalist fascist pig... including Obama.

Has Color of Change paid you yet kool-aid man?
http://solocm.com/story.php?title=web-application-security#discuss
www.hal-lo.at
Did you just say you shop at more expensive stores so you don't have to "shop with poor people"? That is kinda fucked up man, just saying. It's one thing to avoid a bad area that may have poorer people in it but to avoid a reputable store chain just because you think poor people shop there is not only fucked up but shows a blatant hatred and disgust towards those less fortunate than you. You see the problem yet? Those who are more wealthy look at those less fortunate as if they are sub-human and not worth helping but not even worth being in the same store as you.
You're saying corporations don't owe taxes?  That's funny, because they pay them every year.
I will give Krugman this much from my observations as a life long Californian. It's regulation that kills.
